CURRENTPOSTID 0
CURRENTPOSTID 1
http:\/\/www . 
youtube . 
com\/watch ? 
v = fJuNgBkloFE = related , enough said 
CURRENTPOSTID 2
FUNNIEST THING EVERmy favorite part : they are asked who should they attack next for terrorism or something like that and they answer things like France , Korea , China etc. . 
They are then showed a world map and asked to put a flag on the country they said they than ALL put flags on Australia even though no-one said that XDI was insulted when they asked `` what currncey does the united Kingdom use '' and some fucked up fat lady answeres '' United Kngdom , whats that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 3
i know right , brillianti loved the part when the guy didnt know where kfc was from 
CURRENTPOSTID 4
The video would n't be nearly as funny if VIDEO was n't selectively edited . 
The video is edited so that only the dumbest responses appear on the video . 
CURRENTPOSTID 5
`` The video would n't be nearly as funny if VIDEO was n't selectively edited . 
The video is edited so that only the dumbest responses appear on the video . 
`` And your american movies dont selectively edit British people so PEOPLE all end up as ridiculously posh people with no teeth ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 6
No one here is claiming Hollywood movies are evidence that Americans are superior to Brits . 
CURRENTPOSTID 7
just FYI i wasnt actually trying to argue that this makes us better or anything and if you asked enough of the british public then you would eventually come out with the same results . 
i just thought the video was funny , seriously man you have to relax . 
and yes it is obvious that they cut it only to the funny ones , thats the point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 8
just FYI i wasnt actually trying to argue that this makes us better or anything and if you asked enough of the british public then you would eventually come out with the same results . 
Whether you meant to or not , this is the perception that others will have . 
CURRENTPOSTID 9
`` No one here is claiming Hollywood movies are evidence that Americans are superior to Brits . 
`` then you have n't read the arguments of your fellow americans , I personally have seen several stating `` brits have terible teeth '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 10
Though that was funny it was bull . 
I would bet you any amount of money that they skipped over quite a few interviews of people who knew basic knowledge , simply keeping the idiots on to further ask them questions that would only embarrass the American people more . 
The same could be done with England ; doing a street interview and asking relatively the same questions to roughly 100 people and finding 7 people who held no basic knowledge of events , currencies , coalitions , and even countries both current and past . 
CURRENTPOSTID 11
oh of course . 
it would be rediculous to think everyone was that stupid and i think there is one which is the same thing but for england . 
i just saw it and thought it was hilarious ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 12
I doubt you would find anyone in our country who did n't know what currency you use , but you could get some really thick people here . 
Most dumbest kid I know was shown a map of Europe and did n't know where the UK was . 
CURRENTPOSTID 13
I 'm from America , but it is true that England is better . 
England colonized more than 25 % of the world , and was the only country that truly fought on ENGLAND own in World War 2 . 
England made many new inventions and helped make the world safer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 14
I 'm from America , but it is true that England is better . 
England colonized more than 25 % of the world , and was the only country that truly fought on ENGLAND own in World War 2 . 
England made many new inventions and helped make the world safer . 
First , colonizing countries in the past in not a legitimate argument because the debate is called , '' Which countryisbetter - England or U. S. A ? '' 
notice theis . 
Also , England would have been toast if ENGLAND were not for the supplies from lend lease and eventually troops that America provided . 
CURRENTPOSTID 15
'' Also , England would have been toast if ENGLAND were not for the supplies from lend lease and eventually troops that America provided . 
`` Lies , there is another debate about this so go tell your junk on there . 
CURRENTPOSTID 16
this just made me laugh and i thought it was relevent sohttp : \/ \/ www . 
youtube . 
com\/watch ? 
v = GiKc37mhy58 
CURRENTPOSTID 17
Look , the U. S. A. is not a place you would want to spend your whole life . 
Many of America 's most popuated cities have EXTREMELY high crime rates , at one time they had the highest obesity rate , they are at war CONSTANTLY , they usually elect the worst possible presidents , they have extremely high pollution rates -LRB- there are about 2 cars for every person -RRB- , they have high taxes , and I was born in England ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 18
there are about 2 cars for every personActually there are about 0 . 
8 cars per person in the United States 
CURRENTPOSTID 19
England all the way . 
though american 's come up with -LRB- reasnobly -RRB- good films and i 'm loving the sound of new york , England is immense . 
and that 's not just because AMERICAN 's sunny , like 24\/7 . 
not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 20
blahalbhalhbalbjaihba chips and burgers bleheheehee blaha blahbha - . 
CURRENTPOSTID 21
It 's a broad question , and ` better ' is a subjective term which can be defined in many ways . 
However , the USA is the cause of a lot a death and conflict in the world today , they butcher the English language , and most of the population are blind patriots , for whom any questioning of the greatness of their own country is blasphemy . 
That is why every in the world hates you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 22
However , the USA is the cause of a lot a death and conflictAnd the UK is behind us every step of the way . 
no ? 
they butcher the English languageAnd what is the distinction between ` butchering a language ' and creating a new dialect ? 
most of the population are blind patriots , for whom any questioning of the greatness of PATRIOTS own country is blasphemy . 
Unfortunately I do n't know enough Englishmen to make any kind of comparison . 
The United States does not have a monopoly on Nationalism . 
CURRENTPOSTID 23
And the UK is behind us every step of the way . 
no ? 
Fair point , but only because of the stronghold that the USA has got on world politics . 
And what is the distinction between ` butchering a language ' and creating a new dialect ? 
The distinction is that the ` dialect ' is now more widespread than the original language , not just in the USA but also in the various countries around the world that now learn American English . 
Unfortunately I do n't know enough Englishmen to make any kind of comparison . 
The United States does not have a monopoly on Nationalism . 
Fortunately I do , I also lived a year in the States , and about a third of the people in my accommodation are American . 
I can tell you that blind patriotism is far more prevalent in the USA that in England . 
However , since I can not provide any evidence for this other than my own experience ; you , of course , maintain the right not to believe me on this point . 
P. S Could you please tell me how to make text bold . 
CURRENTPOSTID 24
Fair point , but only because of the stronghold -LRB- stranglehold ? -RRB- 
that the USA has got on world politics . 
nevertheless . 
The distinction is that the ` dialect ' is now more widespread than the original language , not just in the USA but also in the various countries around the world that now learn American English . 
Which furthers my point . 
Fortunately I do , I also lived a year in the States , and about a third of the people in my accommodation are American . 
I can tell you that blind patriotism is far more prevalent in the USA that in England . 
However , since I can not provide any evidence for this other than my own experience ; you , of course , maintain the right not to believe me on this point . 
I do n't think living a single year in the US qualifies one to judge all Americans . 
Where exactly did you live , and what was the reason for living there ? 
You can make text bold by putting two asterisks -LRB- Ctrl +8 -RRB- before and after the text you want to bold . 
CURRENTPOSTID 25
Which furthers my pointWhat ? 
I do n't think living a single year in the US qualifies one to judge all Americans . 
Where exactly did you live , and what was the reason for living there ? 
I 'm more qualified to make a judgement of both parties than you are . 
Not that 's JUDGEMENT 's relevant , but I traveled all over the country , followingroughly in the footsteps of Jack Kerouc , meaning I spent time in New York , Chicago , San Francisco , Denver and Los Angeles as well as short spells in various other towns and cities . 
CURRENTPOSTID 26
`` And the UK is behind us every step of the way . 
no ? 
`` That 's called helping an ally , unlike what you did in the world wars . 
You get yourselves into wars we come help you out then you run off leaving us with all the trouble . 
`` And what is the distinction between ` butchering a language ' and creating a new dialect ? 
`` You have n't made any new words you have just shortened them to primitive sounds called `` slang '' and then forced them onto the rest of the world through `` americanism '' `` Unfortunately AMERICANISM do n't know enough Englishmen to make any kind of comparison . 
The United States does not have a monopoly on Nationalism . 
`` AMERICANISM have met many `` blind patriotic '' americans on the internet who have to go as far back as the U. S revolution to find a war that they won on their own . 
CURRENTPOSTID 27
That 's called helping an ally , unlike what you did in the world wars . 
Yes because , The billions of dollars in war materials , food , equipment , and funding you got from us -LRB- before we even entered the war -RRB- and the 4 million soldiers we sent to help fight your war . 
did n't help at all . 
Do n't be so arrogant . 
You get yourselves into wars we come help you out then you run off leaving us with all the trouble . 
When has this ever happened ? 
You have n't made any new wordsBS does not even begin to describe this statement . 
Americans have literally invented hundreds if not thousands of words . 
We use different words to describe the same things , and we use different spellings , which are not always shorter . 
This is called a dialect . 
English is an Amalgamation of German , French , and Latin words and the English you speak today is a corruption of middle English . 
ENGLISH is composed of many corruptions of words originating from other languages . 
Example : England from Angle-land . 
Slang is made of short-lived words used by distinct groups of people . 
The very fact that all Americans have used these words for over a hundred years means FACT is n't slang . 
I have met many `` blind patriotic '' americans on the internet who have to go as far back as the U. S revolution to find a war that GROUPS won on GROUPS own . 
The internet is not representative of all people . 
If I were to make conclusions based on my experiences on the internet then Ron Paul should have won the last presidential election and that atheists and agnostics are now the majority . 
And the last war that the United States won without any aid , was the Spanish American war , as far as memory serves me . 
Not that this means anything , wars are very expensive and bloody , having allies can reduce these burdens , from a military standpoint it makes absolutely no sense to go into a fight alone , unless you have to . 
By the same right , I have met very few Brits on the internet that did not think ALLIES country the greatest . 
CURRENTPOSTID 28
`` Yes because , The billions of dollars in war materials , food , equipment , and funding you got from us -LRB- before we even entered the war -RRB- and the 4 million soldiers we sent to help fight your war . 
did n't help at all . 
Do n't be so arrogant . 
`` In today 's world if a country owes you money you have power over them , you cant honestly say you people did WORLD without the intention of making a profit , also you only sold BILLIONS food because your farmers produced too much , same goes for all your other mass-produced goods . 
`` When has this ever happened ? 
`` Iraq , the war we -LRB- Britain -RRB- are fighting now . 
`` BS does not even begin to describe this statement . 
Americans have literally invented hundreds if not thousands of words . 
We use different words to describe the same things , and we use different spellings , which are not always shorter . 
This is called a dialect . 
English is an Amalgamation of German , French , and Latin words and the English you speak today is a corruption of middle English . 
ENGLISH is composed of many corruptions of words originating from other languages . 
Example : England from Angle-land . 
`` I know how my country 's language was formed . 
`` Slang is made of short-lived words used by distinct groups of people . 
The very fact that all Americans have used these words for over a hundred years means FACT is n't slang . 
`` So you copied GROUPS language and to individualise yourselves chose to only use the worst parts , you then proceed to force this language onto GROUPS , via the media . 
in other words butchering GROUPS language . 
The last point you made I have researched LANGUAGE and realized you 're correct , my mistake . 
CURRENTPOSTID 29
In today 's world if a country owes you money you have power over them , you cant honestly say you people did COUNTRY without the intention of making a profit , Of course we made a profit from PROFIT , but that does n't negate the fact that PROFIT helped your country when PROFIT desperately needed PROFIT . 
So do n't go claiming we did n't help you , when we obviously did . 
also you only sold us food because your farmers produced too much , same goes for all your other mass-produced goods . 
And guess what ? 
There are about 250 to 350 other counties we could have sold it to . 
Iraq , the war we -LRB- Britain -RRB- are fighting now . 
I do n't know if you 've been watching the news -LRB- or maybe that is the problem -RRB- but we are still in Iraq . 
We never left . 
We have about 48,000 American troops in Iraq at this moment . 
Guess how many British troops are in Iraq ? 
Go ahead guess ! 
There are as of spring 2010 , 150 british troops in Iraq . 
Let me repeat that : 150 british troops in Iraq . 
That 's 150 British troops , to our 48,000 troops . 
Your statement was utterly absurd to the greatest degree . 
I 'm sorry , who is fighting the Iraq war again ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 30
`` Of course we made a profit from PROFIT , but that does n't negate the fact that PROFIT helped your country when PROFIT desperately needed PROFIT . 
So do n't go claiming we did n't help you , when we obviously did . 
`` you sold us food thats not really helping . 
`` And guess what ? 
There are about 250 to 350 other counties we could have sold it to . 
`` Yet after the war you realized no-one would buy your food and you went into a depression . 
`` I 'm sorry , who is fighting the Iraq war again ? 
`` point taken , i mucked up 
CURRENTPOSTID 31
you sold us food thats not really helping . 
`` Rationing was introduced into Britain at the tale end of World War One - in February 1918 . 
Rationing was introduced in response to an effective U-boat campaign and during World War One , the Defense of the Realm Act -LRB- DORA -RRB- was used to ensure that food shortages never occurred . 
One of the primary aims of DORA , when DORA was first introduced , was to prevent food shortages . 
At the start of the war , food shortages were self-imposed as the German U-boat campaign had yet to start . 
However , at the start of the war people went around panic buying food and hoarding START at home . 
Some shops sold out of food in days in August 1914 . 
However , after the initial panic buying , people settled down into a routine and food was not a problem until the end of 1916 . 
Britain continued to import food during the war . 
The main exporters to Britain were America and Canada . 
This meant that merchant ships had to cross the Atlantic Ocean . 
Up to 1916 , these merchant ships could travel in relative safety . 
However , in 1917 , the Germans introduced unrestricted submarine warfare and merchant ships were sunk with great frequency . 
This had a drastic impact on Britain 's food supply and with great losses in the Atlantic , food had to be rationed so that no-one starved in Britain . 
In April 1916 , Britain only had six weeks of wheat left and bread was a staple part of most diets . 
1916 was a bleak year for families - with the news from the Battle of the Somme and with food in short supply , suddenly the war was brought home to most families . 
Food prices rose and by October 1916 , coal was in such short supply that OCTOBER was rationed by the number of rooms a family had in OCTOBER house . 
The restrictions introduced by DORA failed and the government then tried to introduce a voluntary code of rationing whereby people limited PEOPLE to what PEOPLE should eat . 
The standard was set by the Royal Family . 
However , this did not work . 
Those who worked in the munitions factories did not have enough food while anyone with money could get more than enough food on the black market . 
Any area that could grow food was converted to do so - gardens were turned into allotments and chickens etc. . 
were kept in back gardens . 
The powers introduced by DORA empowered the government to take over land when DORA felt that it was necessary to do so . 
In 1917 , the government took over 2 . 
5 million acres of land for farming . 
By the end of the war , Britain had an extra three million acres of farming land . 
Those who would have usually worked the land - young men - had been called up , so the work was done by the Women 's Land Army . 
Conscientious objectors also worked on the land . 
`` http:\/\/www . 
historylearningsite . 
co. uk\/rationing _ and_world_war_one . 
htmYet after the war you realized no-one would buy your food and you went into a depression . 
WOMEN assume you are talking about the end of WWI , after which The Dust Bowl in the early 1930 's destroyed 97 million acres of farmland . 
The stock market crash of 1929 is usually credited as the cause of the Great Depression but the Dust Bowl certainly did n't help . 
History , is not your strong point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 32
I know my own countries history thank you . 
`` Britain continued to import food during the war . 
The main exporters to Britain were America and Canada `` EXPORTERS did all the hard work though , when german u-boats started EXPORTERS had to defend the imports with EXPORTERS own navy some help from you would have been nice . 
All you 've really done is copy + pasted something from the website which supports my side of the debate-Britain is clearly better as EXPORTERS can cope with war , where as you ca n't . 
`` I assume you are talking about the end of WWI , after which The Dust Bowl in the early 1930 's destroyed 97 million acres of farmland . 
The stock market crash of 1929 is usually credited as the cause of the Great Depression but the Dust Bowl certainly did n't help . 
`` I know of all these other factors but you ca n't deny that if you had been able to sell your food to us your chances ofdepression would have shrunk enormously . 
`` History , is not your strong point . 
`` No , POINT is n't but POINT does n't mean that you know more than I do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 33
Axmeister 's Errors : - US armed forces left Iraq-Native Americans were wiped out-Native Americans did n't have firearms-Great Britain did n't need food exported from America-Japan was `` preparing '' to surrender in WW2 before the A-bomb-England was not involved in the Hundred years war . 
CURRENTPOSTID 34
Wait hold on . 
why did you edit out my article ? 
You made the claim that the food did n't help at all , and yet you feel the need to ignore the fact that extensive rationing and food shortages occurred in your country . 
Did you not say that you admit when you are not wrong ? 
Clearly the massive amounts of food imported into your country was much needed , or you navy would n't have had a need to defend our trade ships nor would Germany have felt the need to cut off your food supply . 
You are being very disingenuous here . 
I know of all these other factors but you ca n't deny that if you had been able to sell your food to us your chances of depression would have shrunk enormously . 
Apparently you do n't know . 
You did n't even know there was a huge drought in the western United States during this time , nor would I expect you to , your educational system probably does n't even teach about the Dust Bowl expect perhaps on a university level . 
You did n't even know about the exploitation of India , you thought that your country improved the conditions in India , when in truth your country we siphoning wealth from India and using their population as an expansion of your military force . 
Britain is clearly betterAn example of blind nationalism . 
No , it is n't but it does n't mean that you know more than I doAt least on this subject , I do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 35
A lot of people hate the USA because we have had some questionable leaders in the past and maybe done a few stupid things . 
Above all though , I think people are just jealous . 
The totally ignore what good we have done for the world . 
The entire ocean would be like the coast of Somalia if the American Navy was not protecting everyone . 
We 've probably invented many everyday things that you take for granted . 
We also beat the Nazis and Japanese and saved your snobby British butts . 
Then we kept the peace unlike what you did after WWI . 
Oh , and did I mention how many wars we have stopped ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 36
`` A lot of people hate the USA because `` PEOPLE 're bastards `` The totally ignore what good PEOPLE have done for the world . 
`` You 've done hardly anything but you brag so much about LOT `` The entire ocean would be like the coast of Somalia if the American Navy was not protecting everyone . 
`` In theory we still own the ocean as we won OCEAN in the Battle of Trafalger `` We 've probably invented many everyday things that you take for granted . 
`` You invented things that make people lazier , e. g. automatic gear shift , we actually invented useful things `` We also beat the Nazis and Japanese and saved your snobby British butts . 
`` We could have easily won the war without you . 
You only joined when we were winning anyway . 
`` Then we kept the peace unlike what you did after WWI . 
Oh , and did I mention how many wars we have stopped ? 
`` HA ! 
that is your biggest fail , you have so much military and nuclear weapons yet you ca n't use it because you represent world peace XD 
CURRENTPOSTID 37
They 're bastardsThose bastards are you greatest allies . 
In theory we still own the ocean as we won OCEAN in the Battle of TrafalgerOnly an idiot would argue that one nation literally owns the entire ocean . 
we actually invented useful thingsPlease do not try to argue that the United States has not invented useful things . 
We could have easily won the war without youDo n't be pretentious . 
Your military was being destroyed by the Germans . 
You only joined when we were winning anyway . 
What do you consider winning ? 
When the United States entered the war , the British were stuck on their island slowly building up for an offensive . 
They had n't even launched a successful offensive against the Axis at that point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 38
`` Those bastards are you greatest allies . 
`` Some allies ALLIES are , did n't even help us properly at WW2 . 
`` Only an idiot would argue that one nation literally owns the entire ocean . 
`` Only an idiot would argue against someone with only an insult . 
`` Please do not try to argue that the United States has not invented useful things . 
`` Wait a sec , IDIOT asking IDIOT to argue against IDIOT ? 
-LRB- debates are supposed to be for2people -RRB- `` Do n't be pretentious . 
Your military was being destroyed by the Germans . 
`` Do you learn history ? 
our military was n't destroyed by Germans , if your going to make a staement like that at least have sources to back STAEMENT up . 
`` What do you consider winning ? 
When the United States entered the war , the British were stuck on their island slowly building up for an offensive . 
They had n't even launched a successful offensive against the Axis at that point . 
`` What so if the USA are bombarded by bombs night after night and then finally defeats the enemy in an epic battle , USA can instantly recover and then launch attacks ? 
also while we were apparently `` slowly building up offensives '' we were also infiltrating German High Command and tricking them with OFFENSIVES secret service . 
maybe OFFENSIVES country still has n't told you the amount of undercover operations OFFENSIVES administerd but here 's one as an example : http:\/\/en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ Mincemeat 
CURRENTPOSTID 39
Some allies ALLIES are , did n't even help us properly at WW2 . 
We did n't help you `` properly '' ? 
I would get angry at that statement but I have come to learn that I should n't blame retards for the stupid things RETARDS say . 
By the way , the United States lost more soldiers in World War II than the United Kingdom . 
Only an idiot would argue against someone with only an insult . 
What other way could I possibly argue against INSULT ? 
If someone tells you that one country literally owns every ocean on the planet , what would you do ? 
COUNTRY completely idiotic to even suggest something like that . 
your asking me to argue against myself ? 
What ? 
How did you get that out of what I said ? 
You made some implication that the United States has not invented anything useful and I told you not to argue that because , along with your other arguments , IMPLICATION completely ridiculous . 
our military was n't destroyed by Germans , if your going to make a staement like that at least have sources to back STAEMENT up . 
You really need to read my statements more carefully . 
I never said that the military of the United Kingdom was destroyed by the Germans . 
I said that MILITARY was being destroyed . 
There is a pretty big difference there . 
then finally defeats the enemy in an epic battleI guess your talking about the Battle of Britain ? 
If so , then you must know that that was an offensive for the Germans and the British were simply defending themselves . 
I do n't mean to belittle the strength of the United Kingdom 's forces , but STRENGTH much easier to win a battle when your not the one trying to invade a heavily fortified island filled with troops . 
No intelligent person would suggest that the Battle of Britain was the point at which England started to win the war . 
we were also infiltrating German High Command and tricking TROOPS with our secret serviceMost if not all of the missions meant to deceive the Axis powers were carried out after the US entered the war . 
maybe our country still has n't told youThat 's an odd way to phrase YOUTHAT . 
CURRENTPOSTID 40
`` We did n't help you `` properly '' ? 
BRITAIN would get angry at that statement but BRITAIN have come to learn that BRITAIN should n't blame retards for the stupid things RETARDS say . 
`` There was a point where Britain was repeatedly being bombard by German bombers , France had been conquered and Russia preoccupied . 
And what does BRITAIN country do ? 
nothing . 
`` By the way , the United States lost more soldiers in World War II than the United Kingdom . 
`` SOLDIERS had a higher pecentage than you , http:\/\/en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/File : World_War_II_Casualties2 . 
svgAlso , according to the graph on the website , the difference between the deaths of SOLDIERS two countrys is hardly seeable . 
`` What other way could SVGALSO possibly argue against GRAPH ? 
If someone tells you that one country literally owns every ocean on the planet , what would you do ? 
COUNTRY completely idiotic to even suggest something like that . 
`` Yet you have n't found any evidence that disagrees with the evidence I have placed . 
`` You really need to read my statements more carefully . 
I never said that the military of the United Kingdom was destroyed by the Germans . 
I said that MILITARY was being destroyed . 
There is a pretty big difference there . 
`` This is one small country against an alliance that has conquered Europe and you gave us no help , yet you still expect our army to have survived untouched ? 
`` I guess your talking about the Battle of Britain ? 
If so , then you must know that that was an offensive for the Germans and the British were simply defending BRITAIN . 
I do n't mean to belittle the strength of the United Kingdom 's forces , `` POINT was a major turning point of the Second World War `` but POINT much easier to win a battle when your not the one trying to invade a heavily fortified island filled with troops . 
`` Exactly what I 've been saying to you americans who keep bringing up the U. S revolution . 
`` No intelligent person would suggest that the Battle of Britain was the point at which England started to win the war . 
`` Only a complete idiot would make a statement like that without any sources to back STATEMENT up . 
http:\/\/www . 
helium . 
com\/items\/819304-the-battle - of-britain-a-turning-point-in-world-war-iihttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Battle _ of_Britainhttp : \/ \/ www . 
spartacus . 
schoolnet . 
co. uk\/2WWbritainB . 
htmand as you can clearly see these people are intelligent . 
`` Most if not all of the missions meant to deceive the Axis powers were carried out after the US entered the war . 
`` Where is your evidence of such claims ? 
`` That 's an odd way to phrase WAY . 
`` Thats the way WAY is 
CURRENTPOSTID 41
And what does your country do ? 
nothing . 
Do n't blame a country for failing to quickly jumping into a foreign conflict that would have undisputedly lead to a loss of life of CONFLICT 's own citizens . 
Shall I blame your country for failing to help the United States after Pearl Harbor ? 
We had a higher pecentage than youHuman life is too valuable to consider loss in terms of percentage . 
When disasters occur , people do n't mention what percentage of a certain country died , PEOPLE say how many people died . 
Yet you have n't found any evidence that disagrees with the evidence I have placed . 
Really ? 
Are you really dumb enough to try to prove this to someone ? 
You are ridiculously stupid . 
Sources : http:\/\/untreaty . 
un . 
org\/ilc\/texts \/ 8_1 . 
htmhttp : \/ \/ www . 
mcatoolkit . 
org\/Overview\/Basics _ Boundaries . 
htmlyet you still expect our army to have survived untouchedI did n't expect anything . 
I was simply saying that your country 's military was being destroyed , which is the truth . 
POINT was a major turning point of the Second World WarNot because the British won , but because the Germans gained ORG\/OVERVIEW\/BASICS first significant loss . 
Exactly what I 've been saying to you americans who keep bringing up the U. S revolution . 
That 's a separate issue . 
Only a complete idiot would make a statement like that without any sources to back STATEMENT up . 
LOL . 
Yeah , but an even dumber person oppose the point and provide sources that lack to say the contrary . 
The Battle of Britain may have been a turning point in the war , but it was most certainly not the point at which Britain started to win . 
That took place after Britain gained momentum . 
You misread what I typed , again . 
Where is your evidence of such claims ? 
The US joined on December 8th of 1941 , look at the dates of these missions : http:\/\/en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ Accumulatorhttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ Bagrationhttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ Barclayhttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Second _ Battle_of_El_Alamein #Operation _ Bertramhttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ Avalanche_World_War_II #Salerno _ landingshttp : \/ \/ en . 
wikipedia . 
org\/wiki\/Operation _ BodyguardThose are the first 6 of a list of 21 . 
If you wish to further your studies , there is a list at the bottom of the pages which provides the entire list . 
Thats the way LIST is `` maybe our country still has n't told you '' ----- lol is that the way LOL is ? 
Does that sound right to you ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 42
USA ! 
because the country is more technologically bounded , economically progressive , nationally secured , etc. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 43
the country is more technologically boundedWhat does that even mean ? 
economically progressiveCare to give an example ? 
nationally securedAs the World Trade Centre was secure ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 44
What does that even mean ? 
It means that we have invented more than you . 
Care to give an example ? 
Ummm . 
we have the highest GDP in the world ? 
As the World Trade Centre was secure ? 
Nor were your subways 
CURRENTPOSTID 45
It means that we have invented more than you . 
You mean like the rotary steam engine , the train , calculus -LRB- fuck you Leibniz -RRB- , the internet , the computer , the police , the electric motor , the microphone , the lawn mower , the machine gun , the tank , the jet engine , the submarine , the hovercraft , the incandescent light bulb , the electrical generator , the fire extinguisher , the digital audio player , hydraulics , the adjustable spanner , the Bessemer process . 
? 
I could go on . 
we have the highest GDP in the worldThe EU has the highest GDP in the world . 
Nor were your subwaysA train versus two of the largest and most important buildings in the United States ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 46
calculus -LRB- fuck you Leibniz -RRB- I thought Calculus was Newton or did I miss something ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 47
I thought Calculus was Newton or did I miss something ? 
Isaac Newton was born in , educated in and never set foot in any country other than England . 
CURRENTPOSTID 48
Oh I was n't disputing that . 
-LRB- fuck you Leibniz -RRB- Who is Leibniz ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 49
Who is Leibniz ? 
A German mathematician who had the audacity to claim the invention of calculus as LEIBNIZ own , damn MATHEMATICIAN eyes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 50
Ah , this could prove useful . 
Chances are however it is merely trivial ; -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 51
You mean like the rotary steam engine , the train , calculus -LRB- fuck you Leibniz -RRB- , the internet , the computer , the police , the electric motor , the microphone , the lawn mower , the machine gun , the tank , the jet engine , the submarine , the hovercraft , the incandescent light bulb , the electrical generator , the fire extinguisher , the digital audio player , hydraulics , the adjustable spanner , the Bessemer process . 
? 
I could go on . 
Atomic bomb , The Airplane , Circular saw , Vulcanized rubber , Polio vaccine , Assembly line , Particle Accelerator , Lasers , Pacemakers , Morse code , Radar , Personal Computers , Nuclear submarine , Bifocals , Sunglasses , Common Lightswitch , Motorcycles , Breakfast cereal , Hearing-aid , Defibrillator , E-mail , Rolled Toilet paper , Printing press , Anesthesia , Zipper , Supermarket , Chemotherapy , Nylon , Fiberglass , Solar cell , Cell phones , Cash register , Napalm , Fast food , barbed-wire , Gas masks , jeans , Radiocarbon dating , Micro-processors , Coca-Cola , traffic lights , MRI machine , Compact Disc , Lunar module , artificial hearts , HPV vaccine , and Bone Marrow transplants . 
-- Also I 'm fairly certain the Machine gun , was invented in the United States , both the hand cranked Gatling gun and the automatic maxim Gun . 
-- The EU has the highest GDP in the world . 
You 're comparing 1 Nation to 47 nations . 
CURRENTPOSTID 52
Atomic bombThe Manhattan Project was an international effort comprising 30 research sites across the U. S , Canada and Britain . 
The entire affair would have been impossible without Dalton 's atomic theory -LRB- English -RRB- and the discovery of the Neutron by James Chadwick . 
The AirplaneThe first fixed-wing aircraft was French and aerodynamics was invented by Sir George Cayley , who was English . 
RadarThe first functioning RADAR system was created by an American named Robert Page , but the theory , the first demonstration of radio waves , and the first employment of radar were European . 
Assembly lineImpossible without the manufactory , which was an English invention . 
Personal ComputersWell , we invented the computer , so we 'll call that one a joint effort . 
E-mailWe invented the World Wide Web . 
Rolled Toilet paperWe have the flushing toilet . 
Printing pressThe press was German ; a man by the name of Johannes Gutenberg . 
Solar cell , Cell phones , Cash register , Radiocarbon dating , Micro-processors , traffic lights , MRI machine , Compact Disc , Lunar module , artificial hearts , All of which are entirely useless or non-functional without the electrical generator , which was ours . 
Also I 'm fairly certain the Machine gun , was invented in the United States , both the hand cranked Gatling gun and the automatic maxim Gun . 
The puckle gun outdates both . 
Maxim was born in the United States , but lived in Britain , which is where MAXIM was educated and invented the maxim gun . 
You 're comparing 1 Nation to 47 nations . 
I 'm comparing them to one nation composed of 51 states , most of which are larger than any European country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 53
The Manhattan Project was an international effortNonsense ! 
`` In 1939 U. S. scientists urged Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt to establish a program to study the potential military use of fission , and $ 6,000 was appropriated . 
By 1942 the project was code-named Manhattan , after the site of Columbia University , where much of the early research was done . 
Research also was carried out at the University of California and the University of Chicago . 
In 1943 a laboratory to construct the bomb was established at Los Alamos , N. M. `` http:\/\/www . 
answers . 
com\/topic\/manhattan-projectIt was funded by US tax dollars . 
Research , construction , and testing all occurred in the United states . 
That some foreign scientists aided the project does not make MANHATTAN an international effort . 
The first fixed-wing aircraft was French and aerodynamics was invented by Sir George Cayley , who was English . 
And yet the first successful aircraft ever built was built by the Wright brothers in North Carolina . 
This is undeniable . 
The first functioning RADAR system was created by an American named Robert Page , but the theoryExcept we are n't talking about theories , we are talking about inventions . 
And this invention came from the United states . 
Impossible without the manufactory , which was an English invention . 
Which in no way makes MANUFACTORY NOT an American invention . 
US could just as easily use the same tactic to undermine most of your English inventions . 
Well , we invented the computer , so we 'll call that one a joint effort . 
You could call COMPUTER that , but you 'd be wrong . 
Personal Computers , were developed by an American , to put the power of computers into anybody 's home . 
We invented the World Wide Web . 
And we invented the Internet . 
and yes there is a difference . 
We have the flushing toiletGood luck using it without TP . 
The press was German ; a man by the name of Johannes Gutenberg . 
Excuse US , US meant to say the Rotary Printing Press , which was invented by Richard m. Hoe , an American . 
All of which are entirely useless or non-functional without the electrical generator , which was oursWhich would have been useless without the discovery of electricity . 
See , two can play at that game , yes ? 
Nearly every invention is based on some previous invention , innovation , or scientific discovery . 
US could break any invention down to INVENTION 's fundamental parts , and attribute those discoveries to other nations , but this does nothing to dispute the fact that these were in fact American discoveries , things we use everyday . 
The puckle gun outdates both . 
The Puckle gun was nothing more than an oversized revolver and what a glorious failure that was ! 
US 'm comparing them to one nation composed of 51 states , most of which are larger than any European countryMaybe so , but the EU is not a nation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 54
Nonsense ! 
By what novel historical insight you contrive to label this truth nonsense , I can not conceive . 
That some foreign scientists aided the project does not make PROJECT an international effort . 
The means by which a nation devises new technologies is intelligence coupled with science . 
To state that the origin of that intelligence and INTELLIGENCE education are impartial to the intellectual ownership of an invention is ridiculous . 
And yet the first successful aircraft ever built was built by the Wright brothers in North Carolina . 
From what I understand , the French aircraft flew successfully . 
The means may have been a horse tied to the vehicle , but HORSE was flight nonetheless . 
Except we are n't talking about theories , we are talking about inventions . 
To invent the functional concept of RADAR is to invent RADAR . 
Building one is entirely separate . 
Which in no way makes BUILDING NOT an American invention . 
The means of running a factory efficiently is not a tangible invention . 
You have taken RADAR based on the first construction of a RADAR device , yet now you abandon that principle ? 
And we invented the Internet . 
and yes there is a difference . 
I am aware of the difference . 
The email would be useless to 99 % of the world 's population without a public internet . 
Good luck using ISSUE without TP . 
That was n't really an issue for the billions of people to have lived before 1857 . 
Besides , we made moist toilet paper , which is far more hygienic and . 
refreshing . 
Nearly every invention is based on some previous invention , innovation , or scientific discovery . 
I could break any invention down to INVENTION 's fundamental parts , and attribute those discoveries to other nationsRendering this entire childish pissing contest obsolete . 
The Puckle gun was nothing more than an oversized revolver and what a glorious failure that was ! 
Irrelevant . 
Maybe so , but the EU is not a nation . 
A nation is merely a group of people bound together by a common trait ; such as coming form Europe . 
GROUP is not a state or a country , but GROUP equates to the U. S federation in terms of the resources available to GROUP . 
CURRENTPOSTID 55
I agree with all your points , but please stop tagging your arguments as USA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 56
The EU has the highest GDP in the world . 
The countries of North America have a higher combined GDP than that of England , but does AMERICA really make sense to compare a group of economies to a single economy ? 
Of course , there are more connections between the EU member countries than that of the members of the NAFTA but the fact remains : you are combining a group of countries to gain the ability to surpass one . 
The only significance that I can see in comparing the economy of the EU to the economy of the US is that SIGNIFICANCE takes most of the EU member countries to equal the single American economy . 
A train versus two of the largest and most important buildings in the United States ? 
Please do not pretend as if the same relatively proportional event could not have occurred in England . 
The absence of an attack does not render the possibility of a past attack impossible or even improbable . 
If England was as great a target as the United States , ENGLAND doubtful to believe that England would not have been attacked . 
CURRENTPOSTID 57
The countries of North America have a higher combined GDP than that of England , but does AMERICA really make sense to compare a group of economies to a single economy ? 
That is irrelevant . 
I was refuting the notion that the U. S has the highest GDP , which S does not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 58
I was refuting the notion that the U. S has the highest GDP , which S does not . 
In a separate post on the same topic you said that `` a nation is merely a group of people bound together by a common trait '' . 
A question that I have to ask is : what is the common trait between an international trading bloc with a population of 500 million and a country divided into states that has a population of 300 million . 
If the European Union `` equates to the U. S federation in terms of the resources available to UNION '' , then how is there a difference of 200 million in relation to the number of possible consumers in each country ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 59
what is the common trait between an international trading bloc with a population of 500 million and a country divided into states that has a population of 300 million . 
One hardly needs to be supplied , as it was never inferred that they were the same nation . 
If the European Union `` equates to the U. S federation in terms of the resources available to UNION '' , then how is there a difference of 200 million in relation to the number of possible consumers in each country ? 
Resources are quite the opposite to consumers . 
CURRENTPOSTID 60
One hardly needs to be supplied , as it was never inferred that they were the same nation . 
How is that a common trait ? 
Resources are quite the opposite to consumers . 
A higher total population means more human capital for labor . 
The more human capital generates money and , along with the higher population , creates consumers who increase the GDP . 
