CURRENTPOSTID 3
Come on zero , take a stance ... LOL . 
. 
Are you holding out for a deal ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 5
I 'm not taking a stance on a 1\/4 of a term . 
When his term is over , I 'll give an answer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 6
Would you vote for Palin ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 7
Start providing some facts to back up HE statements . 
Even if some are true , that does n't mean he or SOME are wrong , only that conservatives do not agree . 
CURRENTPOSTID 8
Are you freakin ' nutz ? 
Palin is a BIMBO ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 9
So you 'll take a stance on Palin ... already made up your mind ... but STANCE 's to early to take a stance on Obama ??? 
That 's pretty funny ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 11
Why would you agree with any of what I listed , assuming they are all correct ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 12
That was the point I was proving . 
Folks have no idea how Palin would do , yet FOLKS would not vote for her , but FOLKS still have n't made up FOLKS minds about Obama , even though OBAMA has proven to be a disaster . 
CURRENTPOSTID 13
Hands-on ? 
Begin to soar ? 
LOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WE say NO because we know how Obama is trying to -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- WE all . 
CURRENTPOSTID 14
No I would not . 
And I know what you 're trying to do . 
I vehemently disagree with her . 
With Obama , I have to take more of a wait and see approach . 
Some things I have liked and others I have n't , so I 'll wait . 
CURRENTPOSTID 15
I 'll vote for Obama over any of the Republicans now in the field . 
Obama has kept OBAMA campaign promises . 
OBAMA has n't gotten everything through yet , but CAMPAIGN 's early in OBAMA term . 
I do n't watch Fox so I have no trouble keeping up with what FOX 's doing .95 % of Americans got a tax cut this year and last . 
Does your 95 % include the world or something ? 
I do n't have a problem with the spending ; I know where PROBLEM 's going . 
PROBLEM 's way too early to worry about the deficit . 
PEOPLE are n't the people . 
Obama was legitimately elected as was congress . 
They 're doing what THEY said THEY 'd do while campaigning . 
Obama has n't weakened security in any way . 
I do n't watch Fox so I know about the terrorist plots that were just thwarted . 
Finally , Pakistan is going after Al Qaeda on THEY side of the border . 
That 's a pretty big coup . 
FOX has neither proposed nor passed any legislature that hurts Americans . 
FOX has strengthened the ties with our traditional allies . 
FOX has stood up to OUR enemies . 
I am not aware of a single instance where Obama lied . 
As far as the BS goes , Obama is a politician and ENEMIES all suffer from that a bit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 16
Actually if you notice , Sly already participated in the poll ... so not so funny . 
Instead a fail on your part . 
CURRENTPOSTID 18
Basically none of this will or can happen . 
CURRENTPOSTID 19
So its a safe bet I wo n't vote for the man . 
Just as I suspected . 
CURRENTPOSTID 20
Honestly I do n't know how you could possibly expect any Congress or President to give up their salary until every American got a job , which to I knowledge has never happened in the history of this country . 
Something tells I your expectations are completely unreasonable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 21
You 're not worried about the spending . 
To early to worry about the deficit . 
Strengthened ties with our allies . 
Stood up to OUR enemies . 
Wow ... just wow . 
CURRENTPOSTID 22
Obama has done a pretty good job as President , so already your thread is a big fat fail . 
And , as far as going down as the worst president surpassing Carter - I believe Georgie boy has already done that . 
And , this was a Rasmussen poll -LRB- right-leaning poll -RRB- - so , your second pronouncements is also erroneous . 
Do conservatives ever get anything right ? 
17 . 
Jimmy Carter -LRB- 57 % favorable , 34 % unfavorable -RRB- 18 . 
William Taft -LRB- 57 % favorable , 15 % unfavorable -RRB- 19 . 
Woodrow Wilson -LRB- 56 % favorable , 19 % unfavorable -RRB- 20 . 
Bill Clinton -LRB- 55 % favorable , 41 % unfavorable -RRB- 21 . 
James Monroe -LRB- 49 % favorable , 10 % unfavorable -RRB- 22 . 
Herbert Hoover -LRB- 48 % favorable , 34 % unfavorable -RRB- 23 . 
Lyndon B. Johnson -LRB- 45 % favorable , 42 % unfavorable -RRB- 24 . 
Andrew Johnson -LRB- 45 % favorable , 26 % unfavorable -RRB- 25 . 
Chester Arthur -LRB- 43 % favorable , 17 % unfavorable -RRB- 26 . 
James A. Garfield -LRB- 42 % favorable , 16 % unfavorable -RRB- 27 . 
William McKinley -LRB- 42 % favorable , 24 % unfavorable -RRB- 28 . 
George W. Bush -LRB- 41 % favorable , 59 % unfavorable -RRB- The Worst President in History ? 
One of America 's leading historians assesses George W. BushSEAN WILENTZPosted Apr 21 , 2006 12:34 PMFlashback : Bush in '99 -- We Warned You ! 
George W. Bush 's presidency appears headed for colossal historical disgrace . 
Gee , conservatives expected BUSH to accomplish all BUSH promises by Jan 21 , 2009 , so of course CONSERVATIVES are disappointed . 
More so than Bush . 
Another lie . 
ANOTHER has not raised taxes . 
To undo what George Bush did - and it has helped . 
We 'd be in a depression if a Republican was in office . 
Never mind when Bush was doing DEPRESSION , at least Obama is doing DEPRESSION to help not help BUSH , like Bush . 
Bwahaha , BWAHAHA ignores the Party of No and all NO followers , uses same tactics used by Republicans , which I guess FOLLOWERS have forgotten . 
Another big fat lie being propagated by GOP . 
Another big fat lie . 
BWAHAHA has done more for world peace than that Bozo , war monger Bush ever did . 
We had more enemies because of Bush . 
The Republican party and REPUBLICAN cohorts , i.e. Fox News , Sarah Palin , Limbaugh and the motley crew at Faux News are the ones spewing lies . 
Hell yes , ten times over any republican clown the GOP puts up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 23
This from someone that did n't worry about Bush 's spending , or the fact that Bush had a surplus and blew SPENDING and handed Obama a deficit . 
And yes , Obama has strengthened ties with our allies and stoop up to OUR enemies , the fact that you are are n't aware of YES is because OBAMA does YES with finesse , not like the buffoon OUR had before . 
i.e. Bush = `` I.E. 'm the Decider '' ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 24
Obama 's approval rating is 47 % . 
OBAMA term average is 57 % The average for US Presidents -LRB- since FDR -RRB- is 55 % , so OBAMA is doing better than that . 
Your beloved Reagan had 44 % at the same time in office as Obama . 
-LRB- So Obama is doing better -RRB- . 
Maybe you should open your eyes . 
What is dangerous for America is the GOP with all AMERICA whackos . 
Beginning with Sarah Palin , Michele Bachmann , the Tea Baggers and other 's who have advocated violence , who makes inciting comments like `` Do n't retreat - reload '' and `` Next time YOU 'll come armed '' . 
What a bunch of uncivilized nitwits . 
Who are you that US should worry about being penalized ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 25
Not really . 
Their salaries are a stipend . 
STIPEND 's all about power . 
CURRENTPOSTID 26
Your answers are that of a typical blind Obama sheep . 
OBAMA will be the worst President . 
OBAMA will not keep OBAMA promise about tax cuts for 95 % of Americans . 
OBAMA HCR bill is proof of that . 
OBAMA wants the VAT for Christ 's sake . 
What do you think that is ? 
OBAMA DOHS has stopped enforcing immigration laws . 
They have tied the hands of local law enforcement agencies in seeking illegal aliens . 
DOHS has cut border agents . 
DOHS has weakened our border security , thus , or national security . 
Cap & Tax is next , then amnesty . 
Destructive for America . 
None of what I said are lies . 
You will see . 
CURRENTPOSTID 27
Obama is on OBAMA way down . 
The Tea Party folks are Americans of all walks of life . 
Open your eyes . 
FOLKS have not advocated violence - you lie there . 
CURRENTPOSTID 28
He has , in fact , already signed 640 billion in tax hikes , 14 of which violate HE promise to 95 % of Americans . 
Source : http:\/\/online.wsj.com\/article\/SB1000...943720638.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 29
How can I take a stance whenever he has pleased and disappointed I at the same time ? 
Perhaps it is easier for you because the situation is black and white -- with a 'D ' next to HE name , your mind was decided . 
CURRENTPOSTID 31
I do n't care what letter he has next to HE name . 
HE is an utter failure and a fraud . 
CURRENTPOSTID 32
So that is how conservatives vote ? 
Wondering how someone would do ? 
Interesting , no wonder THAT voted in Bush . 
Palin has already proven herself to not know much . 
Why would anyone with a brain consider HERSELF `` just to see how HERSELF would do '' ? 
HERSELF would totally destroy the country , that is how HERSELF would do . 
Obama is doing fine . 
The only ones finding fault with the things OBAMA is doing are the neo-cons , right-wing , tea baggers , not much to consider . 
Palin criticized Obama for OBAMA stance on reducing nuclear weapons . 
Did she even bother to check that Reagan was trying to do the same thing ? 
So , Reagan , your idol was right , but Obama is wrong ? 
Bwahaha - just goes to show conservatives do n't know much about anything except complaining . 
CURRENTPOSTID 33
Of course not , that is why poster claimed they would vote for Obama . 
All the right-wingers can do is whine and cry and belly-ache , because THEY are not in power . 
I wonder if BELLY-ACHE would require the same of a Rep ? 
I wonder if a Rep would even consider any of REP requests ? 
NOT ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 34
Not to mention insane ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 35
That said from someone whose posts exhibit total ovine behavior - BAAAAAAAA ! 
THAT doubt that anyone will topple Bush out of that position . 
HCR is the best thing that could have happened to this country . 
As THING is refined , more and more people -LRB- except the right-wing sheep -RRB- will be able to see and Obama will get the credit OBAMA deserves . 
THING is time for the right to quit trying to control what Obama does or does n't do , you had your chance and you blew THING , with Bush . 
The same sing-song sung by the right . 
Enough with the racial profiling , fence building and other non-sensical methods applied by the right . 
There are other ways to destroy America , and that would be to hand control over to the right . 
Bush did n't have cap & trade and BUSH nearly destroyed the US . 
Well , being that you have already been proven wrong -LRB- you said Obama had not been able to do anything OBAMA promised -RRB- , it is hard to believe anything the right says . 
CURRENTPOSTID 37
Rove is a liar . 
It 's all ROVE ever does . 
CURRENTPOSTID 38
You 've been saying that since Jan 21 , 2009 ! 
His ratings are going up , so enough of your lies . 
As long as Palin and the rest of the conservatives keep denying REST , REST will continue . 
I 'm sure most conservatives are aware of what is going on , but CONSERVATIVES play the innocent card , and pretend that what CONSERVATIVES do does not incite violence . 
Maybe you need to take your own advice and open `` your '' eyes . 
In the subsequent segment , titled DANGEROUS RHETORIC : When heated words incite threats & violence , CNN s panel agreed Obama s political opponents are inciting violence and are motivated by racism -- undeterred by Palin s assurance , which CNN played : When I talk about SEGMENT 's not a time to retreat , SEGMENT 's a time to reload , what I 'm talking about -- now , media , try to get this right , okay ? 
That 's not inciting violence . 
What that 's doing is trying to inspire people to get involved in PEOPLE local elections and these upcoming federal elections . 
SEGMENT 's telling people that PEOPLE arms are PEOPLE votes . 
SEGMENT 's not inciting violence . 
SEGMENT 's telling people , do n't ever let anybody tell you to sit down and shut up , Americans . 
Lemon demanded : Is LEMON responsible for someone to say that ? 
Especially a leader , considering the anger that 's going on right now ? 
Read more : http:\/\/newsbusters.org\/blogs\/brent-b...#ixzz0lPKYdBNLAnother example : Like disobeying orders from the Commander in Chief ? 
If not violent , then just total whackos ? 
Is n't this just plain treason , and ignored by your party . 
Are these the kinds of idiots we need in the military ? 
In promoting the Armed Forces Tea Party Patriots , Stein has raised the possibility of disobeying presidential orders . 
In one recent online posting , STEIN wrote : I oath was to the Constitution , not to the politicians , and that oath will be kept . 
I wo n't `` Just follow '' orders . 
There is at this time a debate within the ranks of the military regarding POLITICIANS oath . 
Some mistakenly believe SOME must follow any order the President issues . 
But many others do understand that OTHERS loyalty is to the Constitution and to the people ... That declaration echoes one made by the Oath Keepers , a group of current and former military and law enforcement personnel who havevowed not to follow orders deemed to be unconstitutional -- including any orders to disarm Americans . 
Stein agreed that the two groups are kindred spirits . 
`` STEIN think GROUPS 're very like-minded with the Oathkeepers , '' STEIN said . 
`` STEIN strongly support the Oathkeepers . 
`` Stein 's political activism seems to have raised some concern among STEIN superiors . 
Late last month , STEIN wrote online : `` Was just told by a Marine Corps Officer to watch what STEIN say about Obama ... STEIN think not ... '' And later that same day : `` STEIN was just told to keep STEIN opinons -LRB- sic -RRB- to STEIN about Obama , by STEIN Officer-in-Charge -LRB- OIC -RRB- . 
`` Indeed , Stein may be violating military policies that restrict political statements and activities by active duty personnel . 
`` LEBOWITZ 've seen military command go against people on a lot less , '' Mike Lebowitz , a former JAG lawyer who 's an expert on issues of military expression , told TPMmuckraker . 
Lebowitz said one key question is whether the activity is judged to be `` partisan . '' 
Though the Tea Party movement has formed political parties in a few states , and has endorsed and supported candidates in some races , there 's no evidence that Stein 's group has done so . 
WASHINGTON -LRB- CBS\/AP -RRB- Political pundits knew health care reform was going to upset critics and the `` tea party '' contingent , but PUNDITS probably did n't expect things to get violent . 
The Democratic leadership in Congress is decrying recent `` acts of violence '' against 10 House Democrats and one Republican , including one report of a cut gas line at the house of the brother of one member of Congress . 
House Republican Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , says BOEHNER knows that people are angry but denounced the disturbing trend , saying , `` Threats and violence should not be part of a political debate . '' 
Former governor of Alaska Sarah Palin criticized the media for casting CBS\/AP and tea party activists as violent . 
http:\/\/www.cbsnews.com\/8301-504083_1...in;contentBody 
CURRENTPOSTID 39
Boy , do I agree with you . 
Besides , the next fight up will be financial regulation , not cap and trade . 
CURRENTPOSTID 41
Evidence please , irrefutable evidence . 
CURRENTPOSTID 42
Agreed . 
Let 's see how some what America looks like in the summer of 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 43
Unless Jesus runs against JESUS , I will be voting for Obama in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 44
Valerie Plame scandal . 
By his own words too . 
http:\/\/www.politicsdaily.com\/2010\/03...ay-with-lying\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 46
Bush did brilliantly in BUSH first year , and look how BUSH turned out . 
First years do not represent a whole presidency . 
As for being penalized by you , golly . 
I darn near quivered in I boots . 
CURRENTPOSTID 47
If that 's pretty funny , your sense of humor is pretty crap . 
Try watching the Daily Show . 
Or maybe Borat . 
SNL even . 
CURRENTPOSTID 48
I 'd rather have I eyes gouged out with crayons and I insides ripped apart by feral rats . 
CURRENTPOSTID 49
It sounds to YOU like his opinion , and opinions do n't require evidencing . 
Incidentally , are you currently living in Nigeria ? 
`` Location : God 's greatest Country `` Google search : God 's greatest nation : http:\/\/www.nairaland.com\/nigeria\/topic-98070.0.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 50
I 'm guessing that 's a no. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 51
Hmm ... I suppose NO. might seem that way but I actually quite enjoy the whole crayon thing Yep , NO. 's a no. . 
Those who love America could never condemn her by voting for Sarahsquatch . 
CURRENTPOSTID 56
This poll means little without an actual opponent to choose from . 
Some `` yes '' answers can become `` no '' , and some `` no '' answers can become `` yes '' depending on the catalog\/experience\/vision of the other person running . 
CURRENTPOSTID 57
Most of your post is delusional , especially the part about Obama not having lied . 
I am suggesting that you pull your head out of the sand . 
CURRENTPOSTID 58
Pull your head out of the sand . 
Quit living in your false liberal utopia . 
CURRENTPOSTID 59
Your entire post is nothing but ignorant , liberal utopian garbage . 
Wake up ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 60
He stated facts . 
Would you believe it more if the article was written by Karl Marx ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 61
Of course liberals are trying to portray the Tea Party folks in a bad light . 
LIBERALS are afraid of LIBERALS . 
The fact is that nobody has proof that the Tea Party folks have been violent or racist in the least bit . 
Sorry , but you failed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 62
You just told me that first years do not represent an entire Presidency , ye Palin has not even had that , yet you say what you say . 
Kind of hypocritical , is n't KIND ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 63
No. . 
That assumes we should vote for everyone regardless of stance , then judge after 4 years . 
There 's no contradiction is saying you would n't vote for someone -LRB- if you 're completely against them -RRB- and also state that you 'll wait for an entire Presidency to transpire before giving an accurate synopsis . 
CONTRADICTION 's like saying : `` No , YOU 'm not going to read Dr. Suess at age 45 , but this biography on European conquest ? 
YOU 'll wait 'til YOU 'm finished reading CONTRADICTION to give you a rating . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 64
You do realize that a lot of the disapproval comes from liberals who are upset with Obama for not ending the wars and not closing Gitmo , right ? 
Those people are not going to vote for a Republican . 
PEOPLE may hold PEOPLE nose when PEOPLE pull the lever , but NOSE will be for Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 65
No room for independents on this one , you guys have to pick a side . 
CURRENTPOSTID 66
Reverse that and what answer do YOURSELF come up with ? 
-LRB- b -RRB- Look at these approval numbers . 
See any pattern ? 
, now ask yourself what has he done for the black unemployment problem . 
? 
CURRENTPOSTID 67
No , not really . 
Palin has not been president , therefore the only things I have to judge NO on are NO governorship -LRB- which has come to its end -RRB- and what NO says in public , and I am disgusted by both . 
CURRENTPOSTID 68
Is Karl Marx a member of this forum or are you just so desperate to change the subject that you had a massive brain fart ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 69
Because formulating a counterargument is much harder than simply attacking the post 's content . 
CURRENTPOSTID 71
Next time someone asks for a link on any opinion , I will refer them to you , if I may . 
CURRENTPOSTID 72
Feel free . 
But first make clear to them that FIRST 's your opinion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 73
Okay . 
What has he done for the black unemployment problem ? 
Looks to me like many American 's have been hurting since the Spring of 2007 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 74
You ca n't `` pick a side '' without 2 sides to choose from . 
The poll does n't include an opponent ... hence , POLL 's useless . 
CURRENTPOSTID 75
Well then , they like the abuse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 76
I did n't change the subject . 
You said that Karl Rove lied . 
I said ROVE did not . 
The facts are the facts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 77
Well , when you feel like you are debating a brick wall , then you wo n't waste your time . 
That is what I am doing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 78
I just wanted to know if anyone who voted for him would have the courage to vote for someone else since Obama is an utter failure and a fraud . 
CURRENTPOSTID 79
Jesus ... If there my friggin choices i 'm voting indy again . 
Politics with Dumb and Dumber , the only difference is Palin would be the first president MY would n't mind seeing naked ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 80
NOW 's a LOT WORSE NOW !!! 
16 . 
.6 % http:\/\/biggovernment.com\/ldoan\/2010\/...-obama-policieThe Obama Administration is putting the best face on the Bureau of Labor Statistics -LRB- BLS -RRB- recent March 2010 jobless numbers report , touting the steady nationwide jobless number of 9.7 % . 
But for minorities , the news is bad and getting worse . 
Great Depression Unemployment Line . 
JPGThe really bad news is buried in the middle of the 38 page report . 
The BLS data reveals an alarming and growing divergence between the number of white and the number of minorities that are unemployed . 
Worse yet , it is clear that minorities , especially African Americans , are falling further behind . 
If unchecked , the long term implications of that imbalance are nightmarish for the nation . 
Larry Summers and others in the Administration have not yet shown much interest in the appalling unemployment rates for minorities and , instead , exude childlike enthusiasm at the nation s overall jobless rate that held steady for the 2nd consecutive month . 
While the unemployment for white Americans averaged 9.3 % , African Americans averaged 16.6 % , just a little less than double the rate of white unemployment . 
Hispanic Americans reported 13.3 % unemployment , while recent , young veterans are averaging 14.7 % . 
Black men , over 20 years old , are showing 20.2 % unemployment and teenaged , African Americans , ages 16-19 , of both sexes , show a mind-boggling 39.3 % unemployed . 
Hispanic teens also report a staggering 30.3 % unemployment . 
The long-term repercussions of these unemployment numbers are troubling , yet the Administration is curiously silent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 81
Kinda refutes the whole idea the right-wingers are espousing about how Obama is giving away jobs to OBAMA fellow blacks at the expense of the whites , does n't KINDA ? 
Personally , I believe that , as a culture , we Americans are becoming a bunch of wimps who are afraid of WE own shadows . 
That picture of the Great Depression is a good example . 
http:\/\/facts.randomhistory.com\/2009\/...epression.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 82
We watched Bush do most of this for 4 years and then WE re-elected BUSH did n't WE ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 83
We were expected to come out of this , that 's the way WE economy works , that 's Capitalism . 
As far as the fears of jobs I do not believe anybody claimed that yet , those fears were with useless Green jobs designed exactly for that . 
I 'm sure you realize that . 
Lets go back to the original argument , why is his approval over ninety percent with them ? 
Actually close to 95 % , ARGUMENT 's absurd there is no reason for that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 84
He was supposed to be the UN-BUSH , , , , , Remember ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 85
So its ok to call Palin names , but if I were to call Obama something racist , the out cry would be unbearable , RACIST an interesting stance you liberals take . 
CURRENTPOSTID 86
COURAGE doubt INTENTION , but if that be your true intention , INTENTION would be smart to start by actually naming who they should `` have the courage '' to vote for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 87
lol Wait ... if someone calls Palin `` a name '' , the only thing you can think to do is bring racism into NAME ? 
Why not just equally call PALIN a name ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 88
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- This is probably the most inane of all of the tea party whines . 
Every year since the first constitutional CONVENTION the size of government has increased TO RECORD LEVELS . 
The country has gotten bigger every year TO RECORD LEVELS . 
Wtf , man ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 91
Why would n't he ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 92
Karl Rove is a liar . 
ROVE does n't know how to tell the truth . 
ROVE 's the one that said to Ron Susskind , '' `` in what we call the reality-based community , '' which SUSSKIND defined as people who `` believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . '' 
... `` That 's not the way the world really works anymore , '' ROVE continued . 
`` WE 're an empire now , and when WE act , WE create WE own reality . 
And while you 're studying that reality judiciously , as YOU will WE 'll act again , creating other new realities , which YOU can study too , and that 's how things will sort out . 
ACTORS 're history 's actors and ACTORS , all of you , will be left to just study what WE do . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 94
So you do n't like Obama because OBAMA 's smarter than other people and OBAMA knows it ? 
Oh dear . 
I hope you did n't go to an Ivy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 95
I was asking you why you brought Karl Marx into it . 
I never mentioned Karl Rove , much less called ROVE a liar . 
Are you high or just confused ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 96
Sorry Eldedu I was n't clear enugh for you I dislike Obama because OBAMA has not figure out who OBAMA wants to be yet and OBAMA does n't know it . 
We are watching OBAMA morph from a lesser University law lecturer turn into godlike proportions because of OBAMA great press who desperately want OBAMA tobe what OBAMA promises . 
Trouble with promise ? 
Some day you have to deliver . 
No eastern schools for I - SLO and USC ... I doubt I couild get into an eastern school - not enough pedigree . 
CURRENTPOSTID 97
President Obama campaigned on redistribution of wealth and health care reform . 
OBAMA promise was met . 
President Obama is no elitist , Sarah Palin makes those accusations regularly and their unfounded . 
THEIR both have college degrees , I do n't see how one is `` elite '' and the other is not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 99
Do n't know yet . 
My poll was based on the fact that Obama is nothing like OBAMA portrayed OBAMA to be during OBAMA campaign -LRB- except the distribution of welath thing , which OBAMA is certainly doing -RRB- , and if anyone would change their mind based on that fact . 
CURRENTPOSTID 100
Since you bring it up , how about you ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 101
Obama is going to town with spending\/deficit increases , and OBAMA has just been in there for a little over a year . 
I think OBAMA will dwarf every other President . 
CURRENTPOSTID 102
Good post . 
More and more folks are feeling this way as FOLKS open FOLKS eyes and see the fraud that Obama is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 103
The tax increases that he mentioned in HE article are the facts . 
FAN do n't know about other things HE may have said . 
FAN am not a fan of or a fact-checker for Karl Rove . 
FAN just know that the tax increases implemented by Obama in the neighborhood of 640 billion so far , are a fact of life right now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 104
I may have gotten you confused with KVMJ . 
CURRENTPOSTID 106
I agree totally . 
He seems un-American . 
Many people see that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 107
Probably because he has their trust even though 16 months into HE 48 month term the results are still lacking . 
Time will tell if the trust the voters put into HE is earned or if VOTERS 'll give someone else a chance at bat . 
CURRENTPOSTID 108
He campaigned on providing all americans with affordable health care and redistribution of wealth . 
Tax breaks for the rich would have never acheived this , America knew RICH was going to be liberal . 
RICH said americans making over 200k a year would be taxed more , and that is whats happening . 
If george w bush provided health care reform the same way there would have been no outcry . 
CURRENTPOSTID 109
He 's just like HE portrayed HE in HE campaign . 
Did you ever listen to a speech ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 110
What utter non sense you 're agreeing with . 
Un-American ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 112
You can look at a poll like that and give a benefit of a doubt ? 
They went from loving the Clinton 's to vilifying THEY . 
What reason would THEY have to have CLINTON trust ? 
I 'll take wagers ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 113
Other than gang members , KKK members , members of militias , serial killers , rapists , sex offenders , arsonists , radical members of any and all religions , etc. . 
Other than all of them , MAN may well be the most dangerous man in America . 
Do you always exaggerate this much ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 114
Who 's they ? 
Vilifying ? 
http:\/\/abcnews.go.com\/sections\/polit...acy010117.htmlEnd-of Presidency Job Approval Ratings Bill Clinton -LRB- 2001 -RRB- 65 &#37; Ronald Reagan -LRB- 1989 -RRB- 64 Dwight Eisenhower -LRB- 1961 -RRB- 59 John F. Kennedy -LRB- 1963 -RRB- 63 George Bush -LRB- 1993 -RRB- 56 Gerald Ford -LRB- 1977 -RRB- 53 Lyndon Johnson -LRB- 1969 -RRB- 49 Jimmy Carter -LRB- 1981 -RRB- 34 Richard Nixon -LRB- 1974 -RRB- 24 
CURRENTPOSTID 115
US did n't . 
But in US defense , US a. -RRB- Did n't attend university in the US , and b. -RRB- do n't have a problem with people who are smarter than US and know US . 
CURRENTPOSTID 116
Maybe . 
Just maybe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 117
When Obama came on the scene the black people turned PEOPLE backs on the Clintons PEOPLE hated PEOPLE , that 's who 
CURRENTPOSTID 118
Interesting . 
Are there any articles on this event because I do n't recall it . 
I do know that , when given the choice between HRC and Obama , Obama 's campaign began to quickly pick up the minority votes as CHOICE became more viable . 
IIRC , earlier in the year , IIRC was almost a given that HRC would gain the nomination . 
Obama was an interesting candidate , but not many think OBAMA could take HRC in the primary . 
HRC was only as the primary approached that PRIMARY appeared OBAMA could win PRIMARY . 
As a member of the GOP , I was rooting for Sen. Thompson for several reasons ... one of which was seeing Mrs. Thompson in the White House for four years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 119
She is wearing my negligee , MY swear . 
CURRENTPOSTID 121
Thanks for the link , but I still do n't get your point : 
CURRENTPOSTID 122
Point is simple , Devil said back at my original chart that many white voters wont vote for Obama because of color . 
That 's real hypocritical when you see the way the blacks have voted . 
BLACKS give DEVIL a 95 % approval rating when DEVIL has not done a thing for BLACKS , BLACKS have double digit unemployment and NONE of BLACKS have a problem with that ? 
Then to further look at BLACKS voting record look how BLACKS voted against Clinton , a person that HAS helped BLACKS for how many years ? 
BLACKS vote is obviously racist , the numbers are right there . 
A 16 % percent grab of BLACKS vote is an absurdity . 
Just like 95 % approval is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 123
It does n't matter who implemented this kind of HCR , IT would still have been met with the same resistance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 124
Transparency ? 
Tax breaks for 95 % of Americans ? 
No earmarks ? 
Not business as usual ? 
Think again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 125
That 's what THAT said . 
Open your eyes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 126
Many black folks have opened FOLKS eyes to Obama , and have no intention of voting for OBAMA again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 127
I can assure you , if George W Bush implemented this health care reform the same way , everyone would have believed that REFORM would have reduced the defecit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 128
Every American , or the majority would still be against anything forced , what do you not understand about that ? 
ME also have to question your belief about a reduced deficit , please show ME where this has been done before or anything that has come close to their estimates . 
CURRENTPOSTID 129
He tried that . 
Congress likes CONGRESS backroom deals too much . 
Place the blame where CONGRESS belongs , not on whom you prefer to despise . 
There are no transitional fossils ! 
He effectively reduced . 
Be realistic . 
For congress . 
Far from business as usual from this president . 
CURRENTPOSTID 130
So the country has tripled ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 131
I do n't believe that at all ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 132
He would have been vilified as a sneaky socialist dipping into the American peoples pockets even more to give there money to others . 
CURRENTPOSTID 133
Object ! 
Speculating ... False . 
`` W '' inherited over 1 + trillion dollar National Debt from the Clinton administration . 
In CLINTON 1st year in office , our beloved `` Spender-N-Chief '' Obama increased the deficit , spent 3.5 trillion dollars and added over 1.5 + trillion dollars to The National Debt , a new record . 
Come 2012 , Obama will have added over 5 + trillion dollars to The National Debt in just 4 short years . 
False . 
Isreal 's support for President Obama continues to decline . 
President Obama dropped bombs in Pakistan , Afghanistan and Yemen murdering precious life 's innocent blood . 
Furthermore , `` the war of necessity '' -LRB- Afghanistan `` conflict '' -RRB- that President Obama once labeled proceeds on with marginal protests by the Left Wing `` moonbats '' One nation under a bufoon of a President Obama , about as sharp as a bowling ball ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 134
NOPE !!! 
, what you are looking at is the Bradley effect , only opposite ... When they go vote EFFECT will be Obama , bet on EFFECT . 
http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Bradley_effect 
CURRENTPOSTID 136
Wrong assumption . 
I voted for GWB , but would not have been for HCR the way GWB has been done , nor would I believe that any government entitlement program would reduce the deficit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 137
What ? 
Where ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 138
Does n't matter what you believe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 139
Why ? 
Because he is 1\/2 Black ? 
Many do n't care that HE is 1\/2 Back . 
MANY see HE for what HE is ... a statist . 
MANY do n't like 1\/2 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 140
Bradly effect ... Bet your Bippy . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 143
EldeduOne more point regarding your remark about higher education . 
Surprisingly one thing you find out in attending universities is attendance , even completing all the requirements and passing with a diploma once completed ... ... . 
does not make a person more intellectual ... . 
only more educated ... . 
which in THING depends upon what that person does with the education . 
CURRENTPOSTID 144
Dear Dear Frogger Of the many posts which have inspired me , or moved ME , or made ME think , or laugh , or cry ... The above post you have delivered , nails exactly what is in ME heart about the man in the White House . 
FROGGER is not , nor will never be , a President to ME . 
CURRENTPOSTID 145
The only reason we are afraid of them is because you never know when another McVeigh is going to emerge from the Tea Baggers group , and how many innocent people would be hurt , not because PEOPLE have any credibility or any substance . 
The only proof WE have is how most conservatives come to CONSERVATIVES defense and deny CONSERVATIVES are racist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 146
No doubt about it ! 
I like his determination . 
CURRENTPOSTID 147
Bobo was Bush . 
Bobo is gone , -LRB- good riddance . -RRB- 
Get with the latest ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 148
That 's a no-brainer . 
Who could the GOP possibly put up ? 
Paiin , McCain , Romney , Paul - they 're all losers , not hard to predict . 
CURRENTPOSTID 149
The only ones with their heads in the sand , are the desperate conservatives as CONSERVATIVES try to convince the country that things are bad under Obama . 
People are able to see for PEOPLE - your strategy is n't working . 
CURRENTPOSTID 150
You do n't like my post because as a loyal , Palin idolizer , you ca n't handle the truth . 
Keep spreading your `` gloom and doom '' - nobody believes that trash anyway , except other comatose conservatives . 
CURRENTPOSTID 151
Hello ! 
Palin has n't served as President , so of course she has n't had that ! 
We do n't need to put SHE in that position to affirm the fact that SHE is stupid , that SHE thinks SHE knows a lot about politics because SHE followers drool over everything SHE says . 
There are people other than the droolers , and WE do n't give SHE a pass - and you would have to be comatose to vote for SHE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 152
Bwahaha ! 
The only reason you feel like you are debating a brick wall is because you have a skewed opinion and wo n't admit facts that contradict OPINION , when given to you . 
Of course I 'm not going to agree with the lies being spewed here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 153
Geez , like you have n't called Obama names ? 
And , the fact that Palin is a bimbo has nothing to do with her being white , HER is just dumb , WHITE does n't matter what color HER is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 154
Could it be because even dumb Sarah is able to recognize that Obama graduated from Harvard , Magna Cum Laude , while SARAH attended 5 colleges , and SARAH still does n't know much ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 155
No speculation . 
Most conservatives on this forum adored Bush , warts and all , and would never have criticized anything BUSH did . 
Is that according to the Republican 's rewriting of History ? 
Bill Clinton reversed Reagan 's course , raising taxes on the wealthy , and lowering WEALTHY for the working and middle classes . 
This produced the longest sustained economic expansion in American history . 
Importantly , THIS also produced budgetary surpluses allowing the government to begin paying down the crippling debt begun under Reagan . 
In 2000 , Clinton 's last year , the surplus amounted to $ 236 billion . 
The forecast ten year surplus stood at $ 5.6 trillion . 
It was the last black ink America would see for decades , perhaps forever . 
George W. Bush immediately reversed Clinton 's policy in order to revive Reagan 's , once again showering an embarrassment of riches on the already most embarrassingly rich , BUSH `` base '' as BUSH calls them . 
BUSH ladled out some $ 630 billion in tax cuts to the top 1 % of income earners . 
In true Republican fashion , EARNERS returned the favor by investing over $ 200 million to ensure Bush 's re-election . 
Do the math . 
A $ 630 billion return on a $ 200 million investment : $ 3,160 for $ 1 . 
I 'll give you $ 3,160 . 
All I ask is that you give I $ 1 back so I can keep the goodness flowing . 
Do we have a deal ? 
Republicans know return on investment . 
What you forget to mention is that doing nothing would have put WE in a depression . 
Obama had to do major surgery to repair the damage caused by Bush . 
WE owe all WE thanks to Bush ! 
Israel is not the world , but still , that is just conservative rhetoric . 
Obama supports Israel . 
Apr 9 , 2010Do you approve or disapprove of the Obama administration 's handling of U.S.-Israel relations ? 
A new , annual survey of American Jewish public opinion by the American Jewish Committee finds that Jews , by and large , continue to approve of Obama 57 percent say they approve of the job OBAMA 's doing and also back OBAMA handling of Israel . 
http:\/\/www.politico.com\/blogs\/bensmi...on_Israel.html Well , it is apparent that Republicans do not like Obama , but to take WELL to the level of lying about OBAMA presidency is totally wild . 
The only buffoon we 've had was Bush and thank God BUSH is history -LRB- bad history at that -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 156
What conservative rock did you crawl out from ? 
Where did you hear that Health Care was free , on Faux News ? 
No wonder . 
The rest of your post sounds like something Limbaugh mentioned on one of his loony rants . 
CURRENTPOSTID 158
Consider Sarah Palin as Idi Amin - they both have the same IQ . 
CURRENTPOSTID 159
Wow ! 
Now this is one accurate post ! 
Good job ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 162
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- He probably will dwarf every other president . 
I 'm pretty sure that HE would have preferred to take office after Clinton than after Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 163
I would need proof of that , I still think you will see a huge vote for color in the upcoming election , same as the last . 
CURRENTPOSTID 164
If Obama has let banks fail , and not pushed a stimulus of the size OBAMA did , we would currently be facing similar situations as took place in the 1920 's and 1930 's , runs on banks , 25-30 % unemployment , a return of the Hoovervilles . 
Obama , if for no other reason will be favorably looked upon 50-100 years from now as the one who had the courage to take a risk , and invest in America , instead of pulling everything in , and letting COURAGE all die . 
Do you really know what a VAT is ? 
Most people who are calling for a flat tax , or a major change to taxation are in favor of methods similar to a VAT , because unlike the Income tax , with all of it 's loopholes , a Value Added Tax , or consumption tax . 
TAX 's much more fair than the BS WE deal with now , and means more people pay a fair tax burden . 
TAX 's also easier to track than trying to keep a history on every american 's income , since TAX 's collected at the business level at the time of sale . 
You only have to track the businesses , so it essentially means the end of the IRS as WE know END . 
I 'd love to see a major reduction in the IRS I , is n't that smaller government ? 
This I have n't looked at a great deal , but Bush did n't exactly spend alot of time trying to secure WE borders either ... in fact as I recall Bush wanted to give em amnesty ... so at worst WE 're no worse off than before . 
Cap and Trade is a good idea , and if CAP gets WE as a country off of Oil , and using renewable energy , we as a country will be way ahead of the rest of the world , and be able to laugh when the oil runs out . 
Because some day , DAY certainly will , and I for one would rather have a renewable form of energy ready sooner rather than later . 
CURRENTPOSTID 165
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Well , we do have a $ trillion dollars worth of wars to contend with every year -LRB- WE should count the wars as off-budget items like Bush did -RRB- . 
And an annual $ trillion dollar defense budget . 
Not to mention the huge hole in the budget Bush left behind by BUSH tax cuts , which , last I heard , has cost the Treasury $ 2.6 trillion dollars . 
And the bank failures . 
And the export of most of our major tax revenue-producing industries . 
Did I mention that Depressions are expensive ? 
Like some brie with that whine ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 166
O please you fail at your attempt at trying to be and sound like an elitist also . 
His spending of control . 
Worse by far then any other president ... Socialism costs a lot of other peoples money , so HIS can keep spending ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 167
Most likely . 
HE has kept most of HE campaign promises . 
HE has been more transparent . 
HE has\/will raise taxes on everyone -LRB- no tax cut for 95 % of Americans -RRB- , which is desparately needed . 
HE has increased spending\/size of government to record levels , and saved us from another great depression . 
He has \/ will increase US deficit to record levels , and saved US from another great depression . 
HE pushes through legislation HE promised to do and was voted in for . 
HE has strengthened America 's position in the international community , and reversed a new cold war . 
HE has several proposed policies that will help Americans and US economy . 
HE is welcomed by US allies and isolating US enemies . 
HE is continuously lied about by the conservative media . 
ECONOMY depends on who is run against HE , but the Obama administration has been a big positive change for America . 
CURRENTPOSTID 169
McVeigh was a nut job . 
Every group has them . 
For the most part , Tea Party folks are average everyday folks that are sick and tired of big bureaucracy , big government , government waste , and ever-increasing taxes . 
There are racist people in all groups , but to call the Tea Party movement racist or violent , just exhibits ignorance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 170
News Flash : It does n't matter who is President now . 
Things are bad , and they are not headed in the right direction . 
Economic recovery and job creation comes from the private sector , not the government . 
Economic recovery would happen if RECOVERY were not for our government getting in the way . 
CURRENTPOSTID 171
I do not idolize Palin . 
I like her . 
I believe that I have told you in another thread a while back , that I really hope that HER does not run . 
I think there are better candidates out there . 
I just hope that HER continues to be a pain in the butt for the left , and spreads the word about CANDIDATES that the MSM does not like to . 
CURRENTPOSTID 172
The funny thing is that many folks knew that Obama was n't Presidential material , and now OBAMA has proved that OBAMA is not Presidential material , yet you drones still follow OBAMA like sheep heading toward a cliff . 
CURRENTPOSTID 173
Well , we all have skewed opinions , otherwise WE would be brain dead . 
CURRENTPOSTID 174
The stimulus was a failure and full of earmarks . 
Invest in creating a record deficit , with little to show for DEFICIT . 
The problem is that the VAT , if implemented , would be an additional tax , and not replace anything . 
Bush , McCain , and Obama support amnesty . 
The fact remains that Obama has gone backward on enforcement . 
We all know that WE need alternative forms of energy . 
Cap & Trade is nothing but a tax on corporations that will trickle down to goods and services , because everything takes energy to produce , transport , etc. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 175
I do n't know whether to laugh at this as a joke or cry at this because of how ignorant and misinformed you are . 
CURRENTPOSTID 176
Funny , I had the same reaction reading your OP . 
CURRENTPOSTID 177
It appears he does n't worship at the altar of Beck . 
Do you think viewing Glenn Beck should be mandatory ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 178
make that 2 of us . 
CURRENTPOSTID 179
Of course , your liberals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 180
I think liberals could learn alot from guys like Beck . 
LIBERALS should listen to talk radio . 
CURRENTPOSTID 181
Of course . 
You 're a conservative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 183
Ostap Bender , who are BENDER going to vote for in the 2012 elections ? 
Oh that right - YOU CANT VOTE IN THIS COUNTRY ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 184
yes , and i also know the term correct word is you 're . 
silly conservatives never get that correct . 
CURRENTPOSTID 186
You 've got to be kidding . 
Old Liar Beck . 
That figures , most conservatives are so used to lies , CONSERVATIVES think CONSERVATIVES are great ! 
Of course , OLD could be attributed to not remembering , but there are so many instances where BECK has been caught lying , I think BECK is just used to OLD . 
YouTube - Glenn Beck Caught Lying and Smearing ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 187
Conservatives hit you with CONSERVATIVES ! 
Bwahaha ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 188
I 'm just happy with all the freebies and want to elect Obama for life . 
Let someone else pay for I stuff . 
CURRENTPOSTID 189
More like let 's slaughter the middle class and steepen the rates for corporate accounts , because clearly the simple folks and illegal immigrants deserve 'S . 
CURRENTPOSTID 190
you have got to be -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing kidding me glen beck ... verry sad day when people are basing thier political views on ideals that come from the mind of an off the wall person like glen beck . 
the majority of fox new is so biased that BE isnt even worth watching . 
if you want fair and balanced your only option nowa days is cnn . 
you really think that if times were better people like glen beck would have been able to capitalize on the american peoples anger toward the government ??? 
anyone who says that race is not a factor driving the obama hatred tell do WE think thing would be better with mccain as president would the economy be doing so much better would jobs suddenly be sky rocketing ?? 
what more could mccain be doin to help improve these things ??? 
yes we would have smaller gov. . 
and less gov spending but how does tha go to fixxing job loss and the economy ??? 
as for those who -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- about obama raising taxes let ME ask did you recive a bigger return in prior years ??? 
and if your so against obamas so called tax cuts give back any additional money you have gained through OBAMAS and lets see how many takers we get on that im guessing non im sure you all are more than happy to keep the coin but by all means keep bad mouthing a guy who has inherited a complete cluster -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- that took 8 years to do and you people have only given 15 months to fix so lets all vote GUY out why dont WE 
CURRENTPOSTID 192
Is Kenia in Hawaii ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 194
Did you hear that on the Glenn Beck Show or was THAT telegraphed from Mars ? 
Seriously , THAT 's nice to have an opinion on the matter , so if you said you thought BECK was unfit , then fine . 
OTOH , when you say `` most of YOU agree '' , THAT would be proper to provide the basis of your conclusion such as facts . 
Are you basing this on scientifically verifiable polling data ? 
A news article ? 
Glenn Beck 's tears ? 
`` most of YOU '' want to know . 
CURRENTPOSTID 195
Not that I was basing I on statistic , just look up , and you 'll understand what I meant by us . 
CURRENTPOSTID 196
The poll question was `` Will you vote for Obama in 2012 ? '' 
not `` Is Obama fit to be President '' as you stated . 
Some could have voted No simply because SOME want to see these hotties in the White House , not because of anyones fitness for the office : 
CURRENTPOSTID 197
you mean bailin and nojeans ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 198
Awesome picture , ok , I 'll apologize ; I do n't want Obama in office , and I think OBAMA and the socialists should go to Canada . 
CURRENTPOSTID 199
Where they can form a stronger band of socialists ? 
Maybe THEY 'll go after Rush fulfills his promise of moving to HIS megabuck estate in Costa Rica . 
Here 's another great campaign poster : 
CURRENTPOSTID 200
Quite a pair , right ? 
Or is that two pair ? 
I 'm confused . 
Back on topic ; if Obama does n't get the economy turned around in the next two years , OBAMA 'll join George H. W. Bush as a one-term President . 
CURRENTPOSTID 202
I do n't think any male soldiers would have any problem standing at attention if they were the C in Cawe c'mon , someone had to say C 
CURRENTPOSTID 203
True . 
Even about the Kenyan born part . 
Michelle Obama spilled the beans on that one when she referred to Kenya as Obama 's home country in a speech . 
CURRENTPOSTID 204
I 'm usually very accurate , but mistakes happen . 
If that is all you have got on conservatives , then I think we 're doing fine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 205
I could sit here all day posting videos of Obama and OBAMA cronies spewing lies . 
For the most part , conservative radio and many of these conservatives on TV have PART right . 
We 've got your number . 
CURRENTPOSTID 206
Another liberal drone . 
Obama fixing the economy ... where ? 
Obama tax cuts ... where ? 
Are you talking about the U.S. ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 207
This is the perception you get when your sole source of information is the Murdoch propoganda outlets . 
CURRENTPOSTID 208
My questions are legitimate , and MY will be waiting for answers . 
CURRENTPOSTID 209
He happens to love this country more than Obama , you should keep that in mind ~ ~ ~ ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 210
What would you call an American who loved Germany so much he puts German interests above America 's . 
I know what I 'd call AMERICAN . 
Hint ; GERMANY 's a seven-letter word which begins with T. T. 's civilized to respect people even if PEOPLE views are different or opposing , but how can someone respect a txxxxxx even if PEOPLE favor your side ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 211
I 'd salute that ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 212
You mean you are really unaware that the Obama stimulus package included over $ 300 billion in tax cuts , and you are really unaware that the economy has gone from a -6 &#37; real annual growth rate to +6 % , job loss have gone from 700,000 losses to gains , the unemployment rate peaked and is now lower , productivity is now growing at 6 % , housing markets have stabilized and the stock markets are up 70 % since March ? 
You really do need to broaden your information sources because you are obviously not getting relevat information . 
No wonder you have such a negative view of Obama . 
Those of us who evaluate a broader source of information know better . 
CURRENTPOSTID 213
What makes you say that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 214
Yes mertex we all believe you . 
Everyone here knows that the liberals fear of the tea party movement has nothing to do whatsoever with LIBERALS fear of being elected right out of power . 
While WE are at MOVEMENT shoveling this load of b.s. that the liberal lefts fear and hatred of the tea party movement has nothing to do whatsoever with LEFTS own fear of loss of political power , why do n't WE sell some bridges or make some money scamming people with a nigeria email chain letter too while WE are at MOVEMENT . 
After all if you expect LEFTS to believe that the liberal lefts fear of and hate for the tea party movement has nothing to do with politics , you might as well as you clearly expect the folks to beleive anything you tell FOLKS too believe . 
Too bad for the liberals that the gig is up , the majority of the people see LIBERALS for the power hungry socialists LIBERALS are , and also reject LIBERALS and LIBERALS ideology . 
Too bad LIBERALS 're on the way out this November . 
-LRB- By the way , the Dems lost badly here in Ohio in early provisonal voting . -RRB- 
Ut oh ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 215
Yeah I agree , I do n't get it all those things have been discussed to death , ONES are the most obvious ones . 
In fact some of those the libs applaud ... LOL . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 216
You go to one source , others go to others . 
Just seems like you pay attention to the optimistic side . 
Great point you made there . 
And , I dont think anyone is worried RIGHT NOW . 
We are worried about the country 's future . 
I dont care if job growth has happened over the last two months when they are passing legislation that will lay stagnant for the next few years . 
How does the government go about spending MORE tax money while providing MORE tax cuts ? 
Fact : Obama 's 1st term increased the national debt 4x more than Bush 's worst term . 
Not to let bush off the line , but did someone forget ? 
They are using tax money to pay back the barrowed money + Interest ? 
The point is , providing tax cuts while spending more is just another way to try to trick the economy into getting better . 
What the skeptics think is that when those tax breaks turn into tax increases -LRB- which POINT will , or the government will default -RRB- , thats when -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- hits the fan . 
Stop thinking in the now god d \* mn STOP . 
Not many successful business men thinks short term . 
CURRENTPOSTID 217
I am so tired of hearing about these tax cuts that the Obama has blessed us all with . 
Yet never seeing a liberal anywhere who can point to the precise tax code , precise item , or precise individual to which said `` cuts '' apply . 
So by all means , if such `` cuts '' do exist , show US where . 
Post some links . 
Show US all where and what precisely these so called tax cuts were ? 
Which tax codes did these `` cuts '' address . 
Who did THESE cut taxation for ? 
What goods did THESE cut taxation on ? 
By what percent did THESE lower the rate of taxation ? 
Simply declaring that Obama 's so called stimulus cut taxation , does not make TAXATION so . 
Just as simply declaring that Obama 's so called stimulus turned the economy around and brought us out of recession did n't make STIMULUS so either . 
You see liberals , LIBERALS al know for a fact that the so called stimulus bill , increased taxation on the poorest Americans . 
Because AL increased taxation on tobacco and alcohol . 
And well , well , well , guess who just happens to drink and smoke the most in this nation . 
You got GUESS , the poorest Americans . 
So where are these `` cuts '' at Ireimon . 
Oh and if you happen to be referring to the `` cuts '' he and HE demophony cronies in Congress plan to make to Medicaid and Medicare . 
Those are not tax cuts , those are robbing the poorest Americans , to give to the richest , and are not in the so called `` stimulus '' either but rather were in the liberals healthcare dictate otherwise known as tyrantcare . 
CURRENTPOSTID 218
WHO IS THEY ? 
TELL ME !! 
, why do you constantly lump all people together , , why ? 
Dont you understand DONT makes you wrong automatically ? 
Geeeez ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 219
Now now in all fairness there has been job growth . 
The problem is however , that for every job created , two others went away . 
This administration , and ADMINISTRATION 's liberal supporters however always want to point to the job growth in this or that economic sector , as for example SUPPORTERS do inm pointing to the creation of Government jobs , due to the workers ADMINISTRATION 's hired for the census . 
Yet do so , all the while ignoring the fact that in other sectors of the economy there was a net loss in jobs , and those jobs which YET created , are not permanent jobs but rather are temporary and YET will go away later this year too . 
How hypocritical of the left to lecture everyone about looking at the `` broader picture '' when YET so excel at cherry picking the data which suits YET . 
CURRENTPOSTID 221
Flounder is n't it interesting that all the while telling us all about how US need to run around `` fearing '' the Tea party movement , because of their hatred and violence . 
And not because the movement stands a real chance of kicking these liberals out of political power . 
These libtards LIBTARDS resort to the use of hateful , sexualy , explicit denigrating , derogatory , terminology as `` tea bagger '' . 
USE does not get much more hypocritical than that ladies and gents , than for the liberals to lecture everyone about `` tone '' and `` respectful discourse '' all the while labeling LADIES political opposition with such deragatory terms as `` tea bagger '' and slandering the movement with false , unsubstantiated , unspported by fact , assertions of violence . 
Especially given that time and time again , in incident after incident , TIME 's been the leftists who become\/became violent while protesting . 
Infact , during the entire term of former President Bush , these same liberals who are now so worried about violence , defended such things as assault and violence comitted by fellow liberals , in incidents such as throwing pies , vandalism to private property saying such actions comitted by these leftists , in LIBERALS name , for LIBERALS `` cause '' was defended as `` free speech '' and `` patriotism '' . 
And that 's not even taking into account , LIBERALS attempted defense of the recent attack on persons leaving a republican fundraiser , by attempting to outright lie concerning the facts of the case . 
Claiming first that it was not liberals who were there protesting which comitted the attack , and then falsely claiming that the attack was not politically motivated , eventhough the New Orleans police Department say 's ATTACK was . 
See once again , we are all supposed to ignore the fact that FACT 's by far , more often than not , these leftists who become violent in the face of opposition to LEFTISTS ideology . 
So the liberals can pretend that VICTIMS 're just the poor misunderstood victims . 
CURRENTPOSTID 223
You sound like the rest of the comatose conservatives , that listen to Faux News . 
CONSERVATIVES never get REST right , CONSERVATIVES just repeat the BS CONSERVATIVES hear on that stations trying to pose as a news station . 
What freebies are CONSERVATIVES getting , anyway ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 224
But they would n't be true . 
THEY would be made up by Faux News to fool NEWS viewers . 
If THEY had NEWS right , THEY would n't have lost . 
But , sooner or later NEWS is going to hit home , NEWS might take a couple more losses , that Kool Aid has long lasting effects . 
CURRENTPOSTID 225
Your `` fact '' is wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 226
Agreed . 
AGREED 's how I vote ; I consider the field of candidates , CANDIDATES past accomplishments , the issues at stake and the best interests of the country before voting . 
We 're two and half years out from the election , TWO 's a little early to be deciding ... unless EXTREMIST 're a rabid extremist who will vote for or against someone based upon a skewed political agenda . 
Then , by all means , go right ahead and rant from your soapboxes in the park . 
CURRENTPOSTID 227
The tax cuts will be wiped out with future tax increases . 
He has already signed for 640 billion in tax increases . 
Many of the jobs supposedly gained are temporary jobs such as census worker jobs , and many are government jobs . 
Economic recover happens from the private sector , not the government . 
There is talk of the second wave of foreclosures and more unemployment . 
Do n't buy into the false numbers Obama likes to throw around . 
CURRENTPOSTID 228
Such a childish and baseless reply . 
If they are wrong , why does conservative radio and TV have the highest ratings in the country ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 229
Bwhahahahahaha 
CURRENTPOSTID 230
Bush is even more reasonable for tax hikes needed in the future than Obama . 
Prescription drug plan BUSH did n't even attempt to pay for FUTURE , Obama atleast has tried . 
Everyone says cuts to medicare and reducing subsidies for cadillac plans will be repealled , that may be true in today 's politics , by 2018 the debt will be so huge China may no longer be buying CHINA . 
At that point cuts will have to happen . 
Bush got into Iraq which has cost a ton of money . 
Iraq was optional , Afghanistan was n't . 
Bush 's second tax cut was while the debt was getting really big and the US was already in 2 wars , the first tax cut was perfectly fine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 231
Now that you 've been informed about the status of Obama 's tax cuts and economic performance , apparently for the first time , do you really believe that GDP , productivity , unemployment and the like are numbers Obama created ? 
Now who told you that ? 
Rush ? 
Sean ? 
Glenn ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 232
He does own the economy . 
The blaming Bush game is over . 
CURRENTPOSTID 233
Of course , it 's Bush 's fault , and always will be to you liberals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 234
Presidents are generally over-credited as to the economy by folks who lack comprehension . 
But I 'll add your statement to the list of others who credit Obama for how the economy is doing now . 
STATEMENT portends well for Obama in the future . 
CURRENTPOSTID 235
Im not a liberal , I am a fiscal conservative . 
IF someone does actions that cause long-term debt IM that person fault if tough measures have to happen to correct the path that person help set . 
CURRENTPOSTID 236
You are using the old fashioned , pre 1981 meaning of the word `` conservative '' . 
Back then MEANING meant you believed the budget should be balanced , even if you had to raise taxes to do BUDGET . 
To today 's conservative , `` fiscal conservative '' means you cut taxes and borrow the difference . 
Your terminology is just confusing to modern conservatives . 
CURRENTPOSTID 238
No , No , No. ... he 's not worth it . 
I am glad the majority of this poll said `` No '' . 
HE is too unpredictable for I tastes . 
Just when you think HE is going to show bipartin efforts , HE let 's us down most of the time . 
I will definitely work hard at campaigning for Palin if 'S runs . 
I detest the man and all that MAN stands for . 
I try to see the good MAN does for US country but MAN vanity and self righteousness turns I off . 
CURRENTPOSTID 239
Complete with a Jack Daniel chaser ?? 
Yummy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 240
Nope , I 'm just a conservative who can barely dress himself each day . 
I thoughts are so out of whack that I brain barely functions . 
I lived in MA and used to vote Democrat . 
I moved to NH , was raising a family , attending `` town meeting '' many times in I small town and learned fiscal responsibility in govt and I then realized that common sense , and conservative fiscal policy belongs in govt . 
I was hooked to conservatism and have never changed 
CURRENTPOSTID 241
Oh it 's great . 
Unemployment hovering at 9.7 % nationwide . 
Over 12 % in California . 
If you factor in folks who are no longer able to receive unemployment benefits , and those working temporary jobs , Underemployment\/unemployment is way high . 
Foreclosures still happening . 
Great economy . 
Thanks Obama ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 242
I 'm fairly conservative I , but I do n't like how the Republican party lies . 
They are not really conservative , so why buy into THEY lies . 
Besides , THEY are way too greedy for I . 
It is n't so much about being conservative , but more about not wanting to help the under-privileged . 
I could never be like that . 
I lived in NH , also , in Bedford , worked in MA . 
NH was funny , the people of NH did n't like the people in Mass because PEOPLE came up to use PEOPLE ski resorts and vacation in NH , and the people in Mass did n't like the people of NH because PEOPLE came to Mass and took all the jobs ! 
Pretty funny . 
I lived in NH because Mass was way too expensive , beautiful country but too -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- cold for I . 
CURRENTPOSTID 243
Thank Bush , BOZO is the Bozo that did it . 
You keep blaming Obama , but everyone knows it was Bush that tanked the country . 
Only the very limited in ability to decipher the truth blame Obama for what their party did . 
THE is getting pretty darn old . 
Take responsibility for your party 's mistakes and inabilities instead of repeating the lies . 
The country knew better Nov 2008 , what makes you think THEIR 've forgotten ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 245
By whose measure ? 
Don t be sucked in by public polls . 
They can change quickly either way as President G. H. W. Bush found out in 1992 . 
A year can make a huge difference . 
Obama still has 2.5 years to find OBAMA footing . 
Time will tell . 
Who do you like for running against OBAMA ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 247
It just proves one thing as far as I am concerned , the American people had no problem electing a black President . 
IT 's Obama and OBAMA ideas that fell short , and IT can not be blamed on racism . 
CURRENTPOSTID 248
Bush had some spending issues , and BUSH unfortunately , had some bailouts of BUSH own , but Obama took spending\/deficit creation to a whole new level . 
BUSH increased the size of government like nobody else . 
Economic recovery happens from the private sector , not the government . 
You should know that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 249
Well then , I guess the next guy has his\/her work cut out for them . 
CURRENTPOSTID 250
Palin and Obama are n't apples to apples comparison . 
So , yes , Palin is not worthy of consideration . 
CURRENTPOSTID 251
Palin 's retarded son would be a step up as President than what we have now , Bobo , the Post Turtle . 
Hell , SON ` ld vote for a three day old dog turd vice , Bobo , the Post Turtle . 
CURRENTPOSTID 253
She cant get SHE to agree with that . 
Since Government jobs guarantees minority hiring that 's the only way to recovery for SHE . 
The prosperity and growth of America means nothing , just like Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 254
You are correct , Palin was ten times more qualified for the presidency than Obama . 
TEN simply unfair to lower her to OBAMA level of incompetence and idiocy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 255
Doubtful ... but I bet she looks a lot hotter in a bikini . 
CURRENTPOSTID 256
Ok , maybe a little overzealous , at least 9.4 times more qualified . 
I really do n't want either of those images in I head , please stop ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 258
We already know what conservatives vote for and consider `` intelligent '' - Bush , Palin , Quayle , so , no wonder you would think Palin 's son would be a step up ! 
Obama is nowhere near the bottom of the `` dumb '' pile along with your group - enjoy your sour grapes ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 259
Bush 41 I liked . 
Bush 43 , not so much . 
Palin I like . 
Quayle , I do n't like ... and there is no one , not even jimmy the carter , that has been a worse President than Bobo , the Post Turtle . 
CURRENTPOSTID 260
Leadership is n't a test score . 
SCORE a number of attributes , sadly many that Obama lacks . 
The president is supposed to be a leader , not a whiny appologist . 
We can certainly see now what liberal ` intelligence ' is getting WE , and most people simply do n't like NOW . 
Only the Obamabots seem to treasure OBAMABOTS ` intelligence ' . 
Has OBAMABOTS released OBAMABOTS transcripts yet ? 
Just for comparison purposes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 261
Not quite as chlldish and baseless as the repeated mantra of the `` so-called conservatives '' . 
Everything about Faux News is a farce . 
First of all , CONSERVATIVES ratings only include most viewers for one `` Cable '' station . 
Add all the other cable stations together , plus ABC , NBC , and CBS , and Faux News comes out short . 
Liberals are not glued to MSNBC - the only station that compares to Faux news in NEWS biased broadcasting , as conservatives are to Faux News . 
So much for your ratings ! 
Live + Same Day Cable News Daily Ratings for April 21 , 2010P2 + Total DayFNC 1,149,000 viewersCNN 418,000 viewersMSNBC 414,000 viewersCNBC 187,000 viewersHLN 335,000 viewersSome of your more reputable leaders are giving you good advice , you should listen to LEADERS . 
Have Republicans Been Out-Foxed ? 
Some conservatives are beginning to question whether Fox News is good for CONSERVATIVES movement . 
By Eve Conant | Newsweek Web ExclusiveApr 13 , 2010GOP Sen. Tom Coburn scored a perfect 100 on the American Conservative Union 's rankings for lawmakers last year . 
That makes EXCLUSIVEAPR one of the last people you 'd expect to criticize what liberals see as the GOP 's most notable media mouthpiece , Fox News , but that 's exactly what EXCLUSIVEAPR did at a recent town-hall meeting in Oklahoma . 
When an audience member fretted about going to prison for not buying health insurance , Coburn responded , `` The intention is not to put anyone in jail . 
That makes for good TV on Fox , but that is n't the intention . '' 
When discussing disagreements with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , MEMBER described PELOSI as a '' nice lady '' and warned the jeering crowd to be civil and to get A news from more than one source : `` Do n't catch yourself being biased by Fox News that somebody is no good . 
`` http:\/\/www.newsweek.com\/id\/236309 
CURRENTPOSTID 263
Mertex only you would add up all the other stations to try to beat Fox , , HAHAHAHAHA . 
That 's like saying Michal Jackson was never number one , because if you add up ALL the other singers their records out sold MERTEX ... LOLOnly you ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 265
Hey , but Mertex thinks that if you do n't like Obama , you must have been sucking Bush 's ying yang . 
That 's not the case . 
Many of us had problems with past Republicans , however , Obama makes MANY look better every day . 
CURRENTPOSTID 266
OK . 
That 's why more and more folks are leaning conservative . 
Adding the others together , and comparing OTHERS to FOX as a whole , is not apples to apples . 
Quit scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
CURRENTPOSTID 267
Albeit a VERY subjective argument , I 'm almost afraid to ask ... How did you come to that conclusion ? 
-LRB- Please do n't just repeat the talking points of your ` politician du jour ' -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 268
For starters their governmental experience . 
Governor of a state , any state requires one to learn the necessary skills to deal with a far greater scope of issues , and do so in the executive role . 
BELIEVER do not feel Senators make good candidates nor good presidents . 
It was a great disappointment to BELIEVER to see McCain and Obama as the candidates . 
BELIEVER am a very strong believer that executive experience is essential to good presidential candidates -LRB- and no Mayor does n't qualify , BELIEVER dispised the concept of Guilani even running -RRB- . 
BELIEVER personally feel that assessment is dead on with Obama , likewise BELIEVER think McCain would have been a weak president . 
Secondly after Bush , Congress was going to grab CANDIDATES balls back , which CANDIDATES promptly did . 
This merely indicated that whoever the president would be would not enjoy the precieved executive powers Bush had . 
For years CANDIDATES seemed to forget who CANDIDATES were and acted as the executive 's ATM machine , both sides contributed to that , both are accountable . 
Couple that with a president without executive experience and you simply creating an even weaker executive . 
An experienced executive , even from a small state , would better know how to deal with the legistature as a separate entity . 
An experienced executive would also not allow CREATING to be steamrolled by Congress , which it appears has happened to Obama since day one . 
CONGRESS does n't help that the Congressional majority is EXECUTIVE own party , EXECUTIVE only has so much room to put EXECUTIVE foot down before EXECUTIVE causes in-fighting . 
Therefore BELIEVER conclusion is that Palin was indeed , after careful adjustment 9.4 times more qualified to be president than Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 269
May I suggest , she is through the bottom and is shoveling pure chit !! 
. 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 271
You see your holding back again Ron , I thought we have spoken about this before . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 273
Dow Jones has been climbing steadily.Real-Time News Dow , up 70 ... S&P , up 9 . 
. 
NASDAQ , up 11 By Associated Press business staff April 23 , 2010 , 4:15 PM Updated at 5:50 p.m. Unemployment is recovering . 
GDP kept climbing at end of 2009Health Care access to millionsAll this in 18 months - more than Bush did in 8 years ! 
I do n't think your assessment of Obama is accurate . 
You may like Palin , but 18 is not qualified to be President , not now , not ever . 
Sorry . 
CURRENTPOSTID 274
Ten key strokes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 276
I 've asked many questions . 
Which one are you answering ? 
But , thank you for answering . 
That does n't happen often on this site . 
CURRENTPOSTID 278
Obviously not adept at math . 
Your assessment of Obama is no more than the echo of Faux News and Rush Limbaugh . 
The Republicans in Congress are more dangerous to the nation . 
April 26 , 2010Younger American voters are less enthusiastic about voting in this year 's midterm elections than those who are older . 
At the same time , 18 - to 29-year-old voters currently favor the Democratic candidate in VOTERS districts by a 12-point margin over the Republican candidate . 
I did n't know George Bush was Sarah Palin 's son ! 
Bwahaha . 
Sarah Palin needs to stick to trying to be President of the PTA . 
That is about BWAHAHA caliber . 
Bwahaha ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 279
Your statements sound like those from a well rehearsed robot\/sheeple of the conservative ilk . 
Anyone that would vote for Palin is in the same category as Palin , uninformed and unintelligent . 
It is a good thing that 17 year olds can not vote , from your statements , it is apparent that most 17 year olds are not able to make intelligent choices . 
CURRENTPOSTID 280
Looks like your in the `` minority '' bubba . 
. 
Obama is crashing and burning . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 281
Another `` news flash '' from the `` fair and balanced '' ? 
Bwahaha ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 282
You dont need to watch anything , just look up at this poll alone , pretty obvious is n't ? 
82 to 52 . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 283
Liberals ca n't help the poor Republicans\/conservatives who only have one station LIBERALS can trust , because STATION tells LIBERALS what LIBERALS like to hear , whether true or not . 
So what does REPUBLICANS\/CONSERVATIVES mean that Fox News has more viewers than the other cable News stations ? 
That all Republicans\/conservatives are tuned into REPUBLICANS\/CONSERVATIVES ? 
That there are more Republicans\/Conservatives than Liberals and Independents ? 
That you are going to win the next election ? 
Ha , ha is right - nothing . 
Your analogy does n't even make sense , but then , most of your posts , do n't . 
CURRENTPOSTID 284
Where did your poll come from , WND ? 
Bwahaha ! 
Polling group 's most recent poll for President Barack Obama : Polling Group -LRB- Reverse Chronologically -RRB- USA Today\/Gallup Date April 24-26 , 2010Approval 51 % Disapproval 42 % 
CURRENTPOSTID 285
You are actually citing a PF poll as evidence of the general populace ? 
Good Lord . 
No wonder our country is in the shape WONDER 's in . 
CURRENTPOSTID 286
I guess that 's why Obama beats both Palin and Romney in the polls ? 
http:\/\/politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com...id=0AVC7TqVjKC 
CURRENTPOSTID 288
I think we can give that prediction all the weight due your last prediction that GDP in 4th Q 2009 would be negative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 289
Well , Obama did say OBAMA would rather be a good one-term President that a mediocre two-term President . 
OBAMA 's not doing good this first term , so OBAMA better take OBAMA own advice and skip the second . 
CURRENTPOSTID 290
Iriemon is right ! 
People that post here are actually paying attention to politics so unless PEOPLE believe in socialism , welfare , racist programs like Affirmative Action , taking no responsibility for your own actions , or redistribution of wealth PEOPLE wont be voting for Obombya . 
The best thing the conservatives can do to rid CONSERVATIVES of this moron is to educate the masses . 
For example 2 of my best friends and staunch conservatives are always dismayed by FRIENDS parents votes , FRIENDS always vote Democratic because that s the way FRIENDS always voted and FRIENDS just don t pay attention any more . 
FRIENDS both attribute FRIENDS beliefs and ideologies to FRIENDS parents so at heart FRIENDS parents are even more conservative then FRIENDS are and have taught FRIENDS well , FRIENDS just ca n't get FRIENDS parents to realize that the Dems have been hijacked by the loony tune left . 
Like the fact that the overwhelming majority of Jewish families vote Democratic . 
Educate your neighbors Conservatives and all will be well ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 291
I wish that more of the general public would open their eyes and start to pay attention . 
That way we could end this catastrophe this year and in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 292
Yep , because look how dandy things went with the last few presidents the conservatives educated us to vote for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 293
Just to show how senseless conservatives are , you misunderstood Irie 's post . 
IRIE was actually saying the majority on this Forum are conservatives , and for someone to take the poll seriously , as a legitimate measure of the country 's mood , CONSERVATIVES would have to be demented . 
Thanks for confirming what IRIE said . 
CURRENTPOSTID 294
Sorry you missed it . 
We did -LRB- open WE eyes -RRB- and WE did -LRB- pay attention -RRB- . 
That is why WE have a new administration in the White House . 
CURRENTPOSTID 295
Right , except it 's `` he `` Irie = Island slang for alright , as in `` everting be irie `` Mon = man . 
irie 
CURRENTPOSTID 296
Thanks for the update - and the lesson in island talk . 
I knew mon , but never heard of irie - your post was right on target , too bad the `` right '' is n't clear on the concept . 
CURRENTPOSTID 297
Quite a bit better than the last several presidents that were promoted by liberals . 
Obama is taking financial irresponsibility to new heights , which does n't seem to concern liberals that cried crocodile tears over Bush spending , even though Obama spends magnitudes more ... Clinton spent most of CLINTON years neutered by a Republican congress , and even so , CLINTON managed to pass a massive tax increase in CLINTON first couple years , after promissing cuts . 
Carter was abysmal ... just ... AWFUL ... Johnson and Kennedy were no prizes ... Even the worst offensive Republican , Nixon , was far outdone by the offenses of Clinton and REPUBLICAN cronies . 
Yep ... Those Republican presidents were just awful !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 298
Sure thing . 
We can compare Clinton to Reagan any time you want . 
For the lessers , let 's see how Carter stacked up against either Bush . 
This will be fun ! 
Clinton - Record low 3.8 % unemployment , 22 million jobs created , stock markets tripling even after the 2000 correction , a record $ 340 billion deficit inherited turned into a surplus , the longest post war boom on record , 3.9 % per annum real growth , decreasing government jobs . 
Just off the top of my head . 
Your turn . 
CURRENTPOSTID 299
Despite ultra libs like yourself , I still do believe that a prosperous and secure America is possible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 302
So so true , how soon some forget , the loss of power has brought out the whiners by the droves . 
http:\/\/www.hup.harvard.edu\/catalog\/H...l?show=reviews&quot;He argues that a triplet of ` rhetorical ' criticisms -- perversity , futility , and jeopardy -- ` has been unfailingly leveled ' by ` reactionaries ' at each major progressive reform of the past 300 years -- those T. H. Marshall identified with the advancement of civil , political and social rights of citizenship ... Charmingly written , this book can benefit a diverse readership . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 303
It means that conservatives get out and talk about our concerns . 
OUR wo n't sit around and let OUR government turn into a socialist government . 
GOVERNMENT 's amazing how informed most of the liberals are . 
Just wait till November buddy , NOVEMBER 's the start of the liberal downfall . 
OUR will not stand for SOCIALIZED healthcare . 
Obama will NOT be re-elected . 
OBAMA approval ratings are terrible . 
Also , lot 's of the people who voted for OBAMA in 2008 -LRB- the lazy people -RRB- , will not get out again in 2012 to vote , PEOPLE will rely on others to do things for PEOPLE ... wait , that sounds like the liberal way of life , that 's because LOT is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 305
What ? 
That a person who puts another country before their own is a traitor ? 
I thought COUNTRY was obvious . 
CURRENTPOSTID 308
I voted no because there was no `` Hell no ! '' 
option . 
CURRENTPOSTID 309
Not exactly , I mean the person . 
In what respect does PERSON do that . 
Thank you for putting the quote below ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 310
\*\*\* You 'll most likely vote for obozo ? 
Gee , who would have ever guessed ? 
Notice that you did n't give any sound reasons why you would vote for bozo , but you sure as heck gave a lot of ridculous reasons why you would n't support a Republican . 
Methinks you fall into the category of a ` fence sitter ' just waiting for the wind to blow in a favorable direction . 
But you did say one thing that comes as close to a possibility as anything , and that is that bozo may very well get assassinated with the current mood of the nation being as MOOD is , and or REPUBLICAN may very well get impeached or forced to resign in desperation to save what little marxist face REPUBLICAN has left . 
CURRENTPOSTID 312
You must have been looking at an old Faux News poll . 
Actually , he is doing much better than conservatives give HE credit for , in spite of the economic mess Bush left the country in when BUSH left office . 
President Obama s job approval rating improved this week and now stands at 46 percent , up from a record low of 43 percent approval in early April . 
An equal number of voters disapprove of the job President Obama is doing -LRB- 46 percent -RRB- . 
And , this is from Faux News , now take a look at a true poll . 
CNN Poll : Obama approval ratings up Passage of the landmark health care bill appears to have boosted President Barack Obama 's approval rating , but POLL has not affected OBAMA re-election chances so far , according to a new national poll . 
A CNN\/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday indicates that 51 percent of Americans approve of the job Obama is doing in the White House , with 48 percent saying they disapprove . 
That 51 percent approval rating is up five points from a week ago , before Congress approved the health care reform bill and the president signed the legislation into law . 
Four in ten respondents say RESPONDENTS disapprove because Obama is too liberal and 6 percent say RESPONDENTS the president is not liberal enough . 
http:\/\/news.blogs.cnn.com\/2010\/03\/29...al-ratings-up\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 313
If you consider me an ultra lib , no telling how far off your sense of reasoning skills are . 
ME 'm far from being ultra liberal , ME just do n't like conservatives who claim to be conservative and then practice the complete opposite -LRB- ala G W Bush -RRB- . 
At least , with a Democrat , you are n't expecting an extreme conservative , you know what you are getting . 
And , you are right , a prosperous and secure America is possible , but not under the Republican administration - CONSERVATIVES lure problems and enemies . 
CURRENTPOSTID 314
Oh , yeah ! 
You 'd like that nukelar guy back ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 315
Judging from the comments on your post , that is all conservatives do , get out and talk ! 
But , they are so uninformed - and THEY keep believing Faux News that THEY are `` winning '' - wo n't THEY be surprised ! 
THEY need to tune NEWS to real news instead of believing what Faux News keeps telling THEY . 
March 29th , 201006:19 PM ETCNN Poll : Obama approval ratings uphttp : \/ \/ news.blogs.cnn.com\/2010\/03\/29...al-ratings-up\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 316
The fact that I do n't think he 's doing a bad job ? 
If an incumbent is not doing bad , the only reason to vote for a challenger is if you think that challenger will do better . 
Burden is on the challenger , who will most likely be hostile toward I ideology . 
Ridiculous ? 
Okay . 
Tell I ... which office-holder picks the Supreme Court nominees ? 
How long do those nominees last ? 
I think people are ridiculous for not considering SCOTUS nominations as an important motivation behind voting . 
Who is n't ? 
I lean on one side of the fence , but until I get all the facts , I will not jump off . 
SIDE 's foolish to jump before knowing what 's on the ground . 
Highly unlikely . 
But it is possible any president might leave office before the term is up . 
No point in saying what you 're going to do a couple years from now when you do n't know who all is going to be involved . 
CURRENTPOSTID 317
Actually CONTRARY 's quite the contrary . 
Conservatives do research and come up with legitimate points . 
When the liberals are confronted with this LIBERALS do a few things ... 1 . 
LIBERALS say `` that 's not true . '' 
LIBERALS deny the fact .2 . 
LIBERALS change the subject .3 . 
LIBERALS call us racist , sexist , etc. 4 . 
LIBERALS blame Bush .5 . 
LIBERALS say you are ignorant to get out of an argument . 
CURRENTPOSTID 318
And since you did n't refute my CNN poll , MY will assume you either did n't read POLL or did n't understand POLL . 
And you changed the subject - is that the way Reps\/cons get out of an argument ? 
So , where is your poll saying that Obama 's ratings are going down - do n't post one from back when Reps were making up lies about HCR and getting the whole country to believe those stupid lies - those polls have been replaced now with people that figured out the sky did n't fall after all and the world did n't end , like conservatives promised . 
CURRENTPOSTID 319
For some reason -LRB- -RRB- Obama does n't have OBAMA health scare program even beginning in earnest for four more years . 
Funny , I thought we had such an emergency that OBAMA program could n't be put off even a day more . 
That was then , I suppose . 
There is news about how the Obama care will actually cost more than promised -LRB- surprised -RRB- and how large corporations are going to end CORPORATIONS having health care for CORPORATIONS employees -LRB- swelling the ranks of those without , and raising costs even more -RRB- . 
So if the sky is n't falling , SKY 's because the Obama health care is n't even running yet . 
Are you ignorant of the facts , or just disingenuous ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 324
So in effect when one stays home their unvote went for the candidate that wins . 
In your case you helped elect Obama . 
If you like what OBAMA 's doing then that 's fine for you , if you do n't -LRB- and apparently you do n't by your above comment -RRB- then you 're part of the problem . 
I 'm speaking in general about non-voters . 
Each vote is important , many have fought and died for our privilege -LRB- not right -RRB- to vote and every election has consequences as has been and continues to be seen . 
I too hope that true statesmen would run for office not the sycophants that OUR 've had to settle for these past many , many years . 
I suppose the problem is that there 's so few of the earlier and too many of the latter . 
OUR would even recognize a real statemen in this time and day ? 
Though I ca n't think of any statesmen at this time , perhaps someone might offer a name or two of such . 
CURRENTPOSTID 325
Portray it anyway you want to , I could no more stomach the idea of consenting to a McCain presidency than I could to Obama 's . 
I made IT very clear to I fellow Republicans before we even got close to the primaries that I would never support OBAMA , and would refuse to vote if they chose to nominate OBAMA . 
I would rather see a real liberal Democrat remind Americans of how bad THEY are , than put another RINO in the White House and have the majority of Americans continue to blame WE for what are basically liberal policies . 
The differences between Obama and McCain were so minimal to I as to not be worthy of a choice . 
CURRENTPOSTID 326
Oh yeah , Obama is a world peace-maker and problem-solver ! 
LOL !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 327
You are correct . 
Obama got into office with everything but OBAMA credentials , which are non-existent . 
The sheeple of America voted for what they perceived to be the next coolest thing from Apple , iPresident , without knowing that is was completely defective . 
CURRENTPOSTID 328
Buyer 's remorse , anyone . 
. 
?? 
CURRENTPOSTID 329
what was the alternative ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 330
Not given the alternative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 331
I 've long been on record as refusing to vote rather than to vote for McCain , but that does n't mean I do n't think that Obama is worse than McCain would have been . 
Just various degrees of liberal bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 332
Was n't even close , IMO . 
McCain would have been an absolute disaster . 
CURRENTPOSTID 333
Unsupported partisan rhetoric really annoys me . 
Is this implying that he should have been able to ? 
ME seriously doubt that the majority of Americans would have supported a single-payer health care package . 
Is n't the HCR package bad enough ? 
ME actually see this as a positive and not a negative . 
ME do n't want many of his campaign promises fulfilled . 
Not completely but certainly a major improvement over the prior adminstration . 
ME do n't think is has a choice on this . 
HIS inherited a government that required tax increases because of the deficits which CHOICE created . 
Congress has not helped that problem by creating a new trillion entitlement program with the HCR bill . 
BTW better to raise taxes than to continue with the deficits . 
As has every president in history . 
He had a good teacher in the prior adminstration . 
This is actually Congress which ignores the People . 
The president can only sign or veto legislation . 
This is false . 
As have all presidents . 
False again . 
Of note some who are considered as `` Allies '' should n't be . 
While selective in his statements , often pulling information from context , this is a common practice for all politicians . 
HIS has not blatantly lied anymore than other prior adminstrations . 
Did n't vote for Obama or McCain on 2008 because ADMINSTRATIONS were both losers . 
ME wo n't vote for Obama in 2012 and seriously doubt that ME will vote for the Republican candidate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 334
Maybe for Republicans politically . 
That 's about the best case you could make there . 
Both of them would have been bad for the country ... But Obama is far , FAR worse than McCain would have been , and that 's saying a lot . 
Then again , when someone takes a dump in your Cheerios , most people are n't going to get a baggie and weigh the size of BAGGIE . 
PEOPLE both sucked . 
CURRENTPOSTID 335
Hey man , do me a favor and do n't rule out that last part yet . 
ME still have slim hopes that we can come up with someone decent to run against YET ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 337
Pretty sure that there were n't any ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 338
McCain\/Palin , though McCain would have been a rhino which would have meant keeping the status quo which IMHO would have been preferable to what we have now . 
Of course WE conservatives would have preferred a candidate more in the line of Ronald Reagan but I do n't see any on the horizon at this time though Sarah Palin comes the closest and I would vote for a woman as well as any other minority , ` cept Obama . 
As both sides say `` every election has consequences '' . 
And WE now are paying for the consequences of an Obomba administration . 
How well does this work you those who did n't vote ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 339
If CHOICE was a choice between a Republican liberal and a Democrat liberal , I prefer to let the Democrats take the blame for their liberal . 
The country is screwed either way . 
CURRENTPOSTID 340
What about a Greece Liberal ? 
Well , to be fair the Conservative Greece party was just as bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 341
The Republicans had Ron Paul who they could have selected to be THEY candidate in 2008 but instead selected an antique who 's political positions were reflective of the Cold War mentality of the 1960 's . 
When the Republicans select a presidential candidate who is willing to withdraw the US military from foreign bases and follow the US Constitution which specifically establishes that the federal government is limited to providing `` for the common Defense ... of the United States '' then STATES might pay attention . 
As long as the Republican Party supports wars of US imperialism around the world PARTY will not have STATES support , ever . 
CURRENTPOSTID 342
The lesser of two evils , McCain . 
CURRENTPOSTID 343
Do n't blame me . 
ME actively opposed the McCain nomination , and did everything ME could to convince other Republicans how awful he would be . 
Then again , your definition of `` imperialism '' is quite out of whack . 
If the U.S. was truly imperialistic , we would outright own half of Europe , and almost all of the Middle East by now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 344
You 'll get over THING . 
You 're right . 
THING is a good thing that he has n't made good on most of HE promises . 
HE should be very disappointing to HE supporters . 
Have you ever heard of cutting spending , reducing waste ? 
Obama takes the cake on this , and OBAMA has a few years left to solidify OBAMA top spot . 
Which also ignores the wishes of The People . 
OBAMA administration has stripped several provisions from the prior Administration which helped control the illegal population . 
Luckily , states like Arizona are taking things into PEOPLE own hands , like PEOPLE should . 
Once again , Obama takes the booby prize . 
Come on . 
OBAMA kisses ass . 
OBAMA bows to everyone . 
OBAMA apologizes for `` evil '' America . 
Especially to the Muslims . 
How can you say this when you do n't who the Republican candidate is ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 345
Even my parents , life-long Republicans , found PARENTS were unable to support McCain and PARENTS live in Arizona only a few miles from one of McCain 's homes . 
MY often use the term `` imperialism '' to reflect attempts by the US to impose political and economic control over the government of sovereign states and not in the more common definition of literally controlling territory . 
If a nation controls the government of a sovereign state NATION effectively controls the territory of that state . 
CURRENTPOSTID 346
Carter was n't the worst president in US history . 
` Expert ' surveys usually put CARTER at the middle of the pack . 
Surveys of the general voting public put CARTER at between 11 and 13th best , usually . 
The only people who call CARTER the ` worst ' president are partisan hacks on the right . 
A -RRB- CARTER 's done a better job of that than most presidents in the last 30 years . 
B -RRB- If your claim had been true , would n't that have run counter to your point about CARTER ` ramming through legislation CARTER wants ' against the will of the people ? 
You ca n't have CLAIM both ways . 
Either CARTER imposes CARTER own preferences over the will of the people , or CARTER graciously sets aside CARTER personal policy preferences when the will of the people becomes clear and does not achieve CARTER campaign promises as a result . 
-LRB- quote -RRB- CARTER has not been transparent . 
-LRB- quote -RRB- More than any other 21st century president has been . 
CARTER has not done so yet , and US 'm not going to let that impact US decision until CARTER does or until CARTER makes serious noises about doing IMPACT . 
Aside from that , US think we desperately need to balance the budget , and the way to do that is to increase taxes . 
If that means raising taxes for everyone , so be BUDGET . 
Every president has done that since ... Carter . 
Clinton did more to reduce the scope of government than Reagan or either Bush ever did . 
Every president in the last 30 years has presided over record government deficits ... except Clinton . 
US have no reason to believe the Fake Conservatives will do any different . 
CONSERVATIVES 've demonstrated CONSERVATIVES willingness to push through unpopular legislation many times in the past . 
CONSERVATIVES 're certainly proposing an effort to push through a lot of legislation US do n't like , often against the will of the people . 
No , NO has n't . 
Bush II and Reagan both did way more to weaken American national security than Obama has done . 
Overspending on your military while engaging in two wars at the same time is not the path to national security . 
Earning more enemies than allies is not the path to national security . 
Antagonizing enemies whom you were not actually at war with is not the path to national security . 
Complete speculation . 
PATH 's ` shunning ' ENEMIES to insist ENEMIES listen to reason ? 
If spewing lies to the American people were a good reason not to vote for someone , we 'd never elect any president . 
REASON will depends on who the Republicans put forward for a candidate . 
If PEOPLE nominate Sarah Palin or another Fake Conservative , then US probably would vote for Obama again . 
None of the Republican candidates currently being floated by the media seem like CANDIDATES 're at all worth voting for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 347
Several bills have been analyzed on factcheck.com . 
In addition to the one that passed , there were two bipartisan bills that never gained traction in congress , both preceding the president 's bill -LRB- formed during that long , unproductive period of time that Obama left congress to make up a bill on their own -RRB- . 
Both were pretty similar to Obama 's aside from a few details . 
Then there was Boehner 's bill , which is the one considered a `` Republican bill . '' 
And , yes , ONE was a joke . 
ONE 's method of `` expanding coverage '' was permanent state-administered high-risk pools . 
Completely unsustainable . 
The rest of ONE was based on deregulation that at best would have driven costs down slightly for people with non-employer-based coverage , but likely also would have decreased the quality of service and instituted a race for the bottom as states compete for insurance company business by adopting the loosest possible regulations . 
CURRENTPOSTID 348
Everyone has an opinion I suppose . 
This is all opinion based on your part . 
Saying he 's more transparent and has done a better job than most is purely without the facts . 
You better get your facts straight on this one : http:\/\/online.wsj.com\/article\/SB1000...+tax+increases Yeah , and Clinton used bonds sold to cover Social Security as income for the government , thereby off-setting the national debt . 
See above . 
Obama is also taking deficits and spending to record levels never even fathomed before . 
I agree with you here . 
I do n't know about this . 
You can not simply be neutral and do nothing for injustices in the world simply because you may -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- off someone . 
I think Obama looks weak in the eyes of foreign governments . 
True , but folks keep voting in the same proven liars . 
I may have to write I in on the ballot and vote for I ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 349
All presidents have done this , not just Clinton . 
The total debt , including SS , was decreased $ 116 billion in 2000 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 350
Should have known , a Rasmussen poll - same as getting a poll from Faux News ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 351
... . 
and Palin being the greater of the 2 evils ticket . 
CURRENTPOSTID 352
Right ... because who would want to get their polling from the most accurate source . 
. 
? 
CURRENTPOSTID 353
Liar Liar pants on fire ! 
http:\/\/www.treasurydirect.gov\/govt\/r...ebt_histo5.htm09\/30\/2001 5,807,463,412,200.06 09\/30\/2000 5,674,178,209,886.86 09\/30\/1999 5,656,270,901,615.43 09\/30\/1998 5,526,193,008,897.62 09\/30\/1997 5,413,146,011,397.34 09\/30\/1996 5,224,810,939,135.73 09\/29\/1995 4,973,982,900,709.39 09\/30\/1994 4,692,749,910,013.32 Fact is our country went further into debt every single year Clinton was in office ! 
JUST THE FACTS FOLKS ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 354
If I could , yes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 358
There was mention of a poll on how Americans feels about taxes , but if you read the entire article , you will have found out that Obama has already signed 25 tax increases into law . 
CURRENTPOSTID 359
Worse than crazy Joe Biden ? 
- LOL !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 360
Obama has only been in office for a year and a half . 
Wait and see how OBAMA spends\/increases the deficit over the next 2 and a half , and other destructive legislation OBAMA will try to push through . 
CURRENTPOSTID 361
How much more national destruction do you need to see ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 362
Just a female Obama . 
No difference whatsoever . 
CURRENTPOSTID 363
And Obama is a genius right ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 365
Those took a back seat to his more pressing issues : Countinued open borders ... Ongoing wars ... False recesssion ... Attacking Capitalism . 
. 
More wiretapping ... the Sacking of America continues 
CURRENTPOSTID 366
Magna cum laude graduate from Harvard Law School comes pretty close if not fitting in that definition . 
CURRENTPOSTID 367
Bought and Paid for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 368
I 'm waiting for the depression conservatives said we 'd have . 
When WE get that I 'll consider it for not supporting Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 369
Ignorant , baseless , nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 370
Oh I see , But Bush 's MBA from Yale Bush had meant BUSH was an idiot . 
You people are ridiculous ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 371
But the numbskull Democrats said the same about Bush and SAME was fact ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 372
I do n't believe Bush graduated cum laude from anything , much less magna cum laude . 
Please educate I with a link if I am wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 373
Putting aside the fact that the discussion is about Obama , not Bush , please post a link where I said Bush was an idiot . 
Otherwise we can safely accredit your post as another irrelevant and worthless gesture . 
Which POST is in any event because this is about Obama , not Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 374
There is such a thing as Insolence thru manner . 
If somehow Obama could be put on some ballots as choice for Dog Catcher vs. President , I still could n't . 
I mean , I think I heard tell OBAMA kinda got fired when OBAMA worked at Baskin - Robbins . 
Imagine that . 
The guy could n't even handle scoopin ice cream . 
Maybe BASKIN was too physical . 
CURRENTPOSTID 375
I 've `` heard tell '' all kind of false nonsense about Obama . 
Why do you believe `` heard tell '' rumors ? 
Is it because you are simply gullible or a partisan hack willing to credit anything negative about Obama no matter how farfetched or unreliable the source ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 376
Do n't furgit that Kerry 's team of Terry McAuliffe and Bob Shrum ran around inferring Bush was a dummy . 
Then the Yale '' Bones '' bidness came out and both Bush and Kerry were member of that Yale Frat . 
So , Kerry hedged some and then finally a Boston Newspaper did what Kerry Promised on - Meet the Press - . 
That being to give KERRY entire Service record and Grades , made public . 
Kerry dint . 
So when THAT came out that Bush had a slightly HIGHER GPA than Kerry . 
Obama 's way is bit more Sherlock Holmes . 
Obama just had ALL OBAMA educational records put under seal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 377
I think it highly fair to assume that if Obama was even a Cub Scout and managed just one badge BADGE would be the Bobcat Trail badge -LCB- law of the Pack -RCB- and during the campaign the Oprah Munchhausen woulda kicked-in . 
Obama would have been runnin around bragging how OBAMA skipped straight from a lowly Bobcat Trail Badge , right up to asst . 
Administrator of the Boy Scouts of Hawaii . 
Confirmation made available by appointment only . 
Plus lest any'us ` all furgit that Obama was a top scorer for Occidental College , in more than ANY'US Dreams . 
If 'n 'N can git the drift . 
CURRENTPOSTID 378
Whose Oprah Munchhausen ? 
DRIFT is a very distant drift . 
CURRENTPOSTID 379
Since when does book smart mean politically smart ? 
Whatever liberals say is fact . 
I repeat whatever . 
If conservatives say a fact , liberals deny FACT and say that 's not true . 
Nobody is correct except liberals . 
Who cares ? 
Bush is more smarter politically . 
That 's all I care about from I president . 
Liberals only want a president who LIBERALS think is `` cool . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 380
Please ... Take the unfounded , unsourced , biased and false claims elsewhere ... That nonsense only works on uneducated and politically retarded folks . 
Not the rest of us ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 381
Yale means jack -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ... He was a legacy . 
HE got in because HE father went there ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 382
I said nothing about politically smart . 
Disagree with your opinion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 383
Perhaps , but since Obama brings up Bush just about everyday I suppose we are at liberty to bring up Bush as well . 
CURRENTPOSTID 384
Well it 's because everything is Bush 's fault . 
Obama has never done anything wrong ... I mean we do live in the Soviet States of Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 385
You can bring up any irrelevant , immaterial things you want . 
I 'll point out they are irrelevant and immaterial . 
CURRENTPOSTID 386
As Obama is irrelevant and immaterial except in the sense of destroying this country . 
Off with the blinders , my friend . 
Go ahead `` point out '' as you are led into the pits of hell . 
CURRENTPOSTID 387
The reason they believe what THEY post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 388
Your post sounds like something spewed out of the mouth of the chief fear monger , Rush Limbaugh . 
The sky is falling , the sky is falling ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 389
A lot closer to one than Failin Palin will ever be ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 390
But you 'll suck up all the BS coming out of Obama ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 391
Bwahaha ! 
Palin was neither book smart nor politically smart , yet conservatives think BWAHAHA would be Presidential material ! 
Too funny ! 
You finally said something smart . 
Yeah , that is why he put the country in the toilet . 
And the correct way to say COUNTRY is `` is smarter '' , not `` is more smarter '' . 
Must have attended the same school Bush did ? 
That 's all you care about from your president ? 
That PRESIDENT put the country in the toilet ? 
That figures . 
CURRENTPOSTID 392
You tell us ! 
First , Mr. Bush never was a strong student . 
BUSH transcript at Yale , leaked to The New Yorker , shows that BUSH was a solid C student . 
Although a history major , BUSH sampled widely in the social sciences and did poorly in political science and economics while achieving some of BUSH best grades -LRB- the equivalent of a B + -RRB- in philosophy and anthropology . 
-LRB- The anthropology class , however , was taught by Margaret Mead that year and was enormously popular because + offered among the easiest grades at Yale . -RRB- 
Mr. Bush was not much of a student of politics , for BUSH earned only a 73 in Introduction to the American Political System and a 71 in Introduction to International Relations . 
Few , if any , professors seem to have left a mark on BUSH , or BUSH on PROFESSORS . 
Several professors who taught BUSH said BUSH had simply been one student in a huge class . 
As the historian John Morton Blum put ONE , `` BLUM have n't the foggiest recollection of BUSH . '' 
Erich Segal , who later met Mr. Gore at Harvard and based the main character in `` Love Story '' partly on GORE , taught a classical comedy course that Mr. Bush took , but Mr. Segal said SEGAL had no memory of SEGAL . 
The transcript indicates that in Mr. Bush 's freshman year , the only year for which rankings were available , BUSH was in the 21st percentile of BUSH class , meaning that four-fifths of the students had better grades than BUSH did . 
http:\/\/partners.nytimes.com\/library\/...900wh-bush.htm 
CURRENTPOSTID 393
Where are Obama 's transcripts ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 394
Oh , I guess you do n't believe that he graduated Magna Cum Laude ? 
Wikipedia : ObamaHarvard Law School Three-year program Cambridge , Massachusetts J.D. magna cum laude President , Harvard Law ReviewOh , I guess you do n't believe Magna Cum Laude 's require a high grade point average ? 
HONORS DESIGNATION REQUIRED OVERALL GPASumma cum laude 3.90 Magna cum laude 3.70 Cum laude 3.50 Oh , that figures ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 395
Wikipedia does not = transcripts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 396
Palin would be a much better president than Obama . 
You liberals ca n't really come up with any legitimate reasons why she would fail . 
You just do n't like the way SHE looks , acts , etc. . 
If the country was in the toilet when Bush left , COUNTRY 's in the sewer now thanks to Obama . 
I would like to know what has gotten better since Obama has been in office ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 398
Actually , I have to disagree with you on this one . 
I 've heard some liberals upset with Obama for not being liberal enough . 
Oddly enough , many of the liberal 's criticisms about Bush were because LIBERAL was TOO liberal on some things ... especially spending . 
But logic was never much MANY strong suit ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 399
And you still think Obama is Presidential material ? 
Why ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 400
He ordered all federal agencies to find spending cuts and promote transparency , HE reduced the secrecy in executive records , HE restored full adherence to the Freedom of Information Act , HE increased press conferences and town halls , HE blocked lobbyists from accessing the White House or hiring HOUSE staffers , and HE limited White House salaries , saved or created a million direct or indirect jobs with the stimulus program , HE saved the auto industry , the financial industry and the housing market , HE got banks to pay back big buckets of bailout money , HE got the markets up 50 percent in a matter of months , HE turned the corner on monthly unemployment rates , HE stopped the slide in GDP , and HE trimmed the budget deficit by 200 billion a year , gave food and support and health coverage to the unemployed , HE helped people to save PEOPLE mortgages , HE expanded student loans and loan refinancing , HE expanded loans to small businesses , HE established the homeowners credit , and regardless of all the lies spewed by HE enemies , HE cut our taxes . 
Along the way HE fixed up neglected roads , bridges and power plants , and funded school construction and internet access , helped round up the crooks who got OUR into all this economic trouble . 
HE ended tax breaks for firms that outsource OUR jobs ; HE prevented tax cheats from hiding CROOKS money overseas and finally persuaded Swiss bankers to expose crooked depositors ; HE reformed the credit card industry , HE ended protection of predatory credit card firms , and HE signed the anti-fraud bill , won a Nobel Prize for getting the world back on track , on arms proliferation , the Middle East peace process , relations with the Muslim world , climate change , war crimes , torture , and diplomacy . 
HE reengaged with world leaders and the international community , HE improved America s image internationally , HE repaired bilateral relations with dozens of countries , HE persuaded Pakistan to go after the Taliban , HE improved OUR Cuba policy , and HE freed prisoners in North Korea and Myanmar ; showed HE balls by putting more troops in Afghanistan and improving Afghanistan policy ; HE killed the Somali pirates , freed the American captain , and put the Navy in Somali waters ; pulled troops out of Iraq and stopped the stop-loss system , HE got body armor for OUR troops , HE increased pay , benefits , medical care and housing for troops and veterans , HE hired more military spouses ; HE improved conditions at military hospitals , HE stopped the media blackout on war casualties and on the arrival of the coffins at Dover AFB , and HE paid to bring families of soldiers to Dover when the coffins arrived ; stopped the torture , and HE directed the closure of Guantanamo and the secret prisons in Europe ; cleaned up HE predecessor s blank-check defense spending : HE overhauled military procurement , HE blocked no-bid defense contracts , and HE phased out unnecessary military programs like the F22 and missile defense ; expanded health care for 4 million children , expanded vaccination programs , cut drug costs for seniors , saved hundreds of millions by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices , led the fight against the swine flu , and stopped pharmacists from cutting women off from birth control . 
So , yeah , I think HE can hack COMMUNITY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 401
With a couple of exception he has mentioned some of the above , but in reality HE has accomplished none of ABOVE . 
NONE ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 402
In what universe . 
. 
? 
Because ? sure as hell was n't THIS one !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 407
Now , that is an informed person . 
CURRENTPOSTID 408
Well , if you 're referring to Obama and 2012 , OBAMA is no shoo-in by any stretch of the imagination . 
You should remember in 2008 the man had no record to run on , people had this unrealistic belief in MAN , MAN may have been destined to be the first black President . 
But now the truth about MAN has come out , MAN has a record , MAN radical agenda has been exposed and white guilt is no longer a reason to vote for MAN . 
More and more Americans are recognizing how bad MAN is for us to continue to live the American dream , to have the freedoms US took for granted and the proper role of the Federal Government . 
`` If the economy is improving or humming along ? '' 
And just what has or is MAN doing to make that a reality ? 
Apparently you 're still employed , have n't lost your home -LRB- or perhaps sucking at the teat of the government -RRB- otherwise you 're in la-la land . 
`` The unemployement rate is decreasing or low ? '' 
Have we come to a point that WE accept a near 10 % unemployment rate as the new norm ? 
How anyone can still believe in this unman is beyond my human understanding . 
UNMAN 's kind of like trying to grasp the size of the universe , the mind can not take UNMAN in . 
But reality will sink in , so there is hope for you and the others of your ilk . 
CURRENTPOSTID 409
The only reason we 're stuck is because WE continue to vote the same buffoons into office . 
WE think WE representative should be kept while thinking that REASON 's the other guy 's representatives that need to be voted out . 
Once WE get past that mindset , then perhaps REPRESENTATIVES 'll get ONCE and start representing the people . 
There is a chance for a third party or two , but CHANCE has to start at the local level and grow into a regional , then perhaps national level . 
The failure is that FAILURE 's backward . 
Other parties try to start at the top , this does n't work and even if TOP might that party would be a minority among a minority in congress and have little sway . 
Countries where this exists now you 'll notice that PARTIES have to form coalitions to win and run the country . 
This is both good and bad as these coalitions tend to fall apart and the country undergoes change without any hope of stability . 
Hey , kind of like `` Change YOU can believe in '' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 410
A person need only live a short period of time to realize that grades do not measure intellect , only the ability to take a test . 
Many people I have met who were A students were woefully lacking in logic and basic common sense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 411
Blah Blah Blah , if you are alleging that it was not a widespread Democrat opinion that Bush was an idiot , then we all know who is discredited here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 412
And Obama 's grades mean nothing as well . 
Glad you finally see the point ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 413
Which makes your posts , ironically , irrelevant and immaterial . 
CURRENTPOSTID 414
Is Palin a Republican presidential candidate ? 
Was she ever ? 
Compare SHE to Biden and I think you will see at least an even match ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 415
That 's why THAT do n't support Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 416
Yeah , and most of the posters on this forum prove that . 
LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 417
Please , please , do not insult Palin by comparing her to that Biden misfit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 418
Most republicans are against lowering the deficit because REPUBLICANS are against increasing taxes . 
We ca n't have DEFICIT both ways . 
Tax increases are necessary to lowering the deficit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 419
Biden is better educated and more experienced and has never quit a high level job in the middle of BIDEN commitment . 
JOB 's not Palin who should be insulted . 
CURRENTPOSTID 420
No , no , no. . 
Most Democrats are against lowering the deficit because NO are against reducing spending . 
DEFICIT 's spending that needs to be reduced to lower the deficit . 
Increasing our taxes does not help lower the deficit for that money will be spent on something else . 
A never ending cycle . 
CURRENTPOSTID 421
Biden 's greatest experience is BIDEN tendency to be a buffoon , BIDEN 's a joke a minute . 
BIDEN 's never had a high level job . 
Sure BIDEN 's filled some positions , but not a real job so there is nothing to quit except being the butt of a joke . 
Biden ca n't be insulted , BIDEN is an insult . 
CURRENTPOSTID 422
lol wut ?! 
There are people who are against reducing spending ? 
Seriously you live in another universe . 
No one is against reducing spending . 
PEOPLE simply ca n't agree on what to cut . 
Democrats would like to see defense budgets cut and republicans would like to see social programs cut . 
Both have a lot of waste in BOTH but the fact is we are paying for BOTH NOW and WE can spend the next thousand years debating what needs to be cut or WE can actually pay for what WE are spending now and sort NOW out quicker when people get pissed at how high PEOPLE taxes are . 
CURRENTPOSTID 423
lmao SENATOR 's been a US senator since the 70s . 
What the hell are you talking about ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 424
You of the parallel universe , thinking that Democrats want to reduce spending . 
You 've made YOU day ... YOU say cut all federal spending except that which is necessary to to the health and security of this nation . 
And YOU do n't mean Health insurance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 425
You think being a Senator is a job ? 
What the hell are you thinking ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 426
And what is unnecessary . 
There have been polls on this . 
Of all the big spending items not one thing can gain over 20 &#37; approval for cutting . 
Meanwhile our deficit is getting higher and higher . 
OUR need to pay the bill now . 
Not wait until OUR bill gets smaller . 
CURRENTPOSTID 427
There is just no talking to people like you ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 428
Is there anyone on this planet who does n't want to save money ? 
That 's just a ridiculous notion that you think there are people that do n't want to save money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 429
They are paying the bill now , ever hear of taxes and the government printing money . 
Your response is kind of like the one about illegal immigration . 
I 'll paraphase : Meanwhile the number of illegals is getting higher and higher . 
We need to stop the flow of illegal immigrants now . 
Not wait until those numbers get higher . 
See what I mean ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 430
You 're correct . 
People who 've had a job know what I mean . 
And you do n't think those Senators know SENATORS have a cushy position , terrific benefits , health insurance you 'll never have , a pension beyond description , all expenses paid , and on an on . 
I know you 're struggling to make sense of all this but to tell you the truth , the only thing left in I wallet now is cents , not sense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 431
Again you are assuming democrats do not support securing the border . 
We do . 
WE just do n't support kicking people who have already established a life and family here out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 432
US guarantee you 've never had a job that held as much responsibility as a US senator . 
CURRENTPOSTID 433
Wanting to save and actually saving are two different things . 
Guess how many families can save now ? 
How many even have a job , a home , a hope ? 
No , times have changed . 
The unending pool of money that the government use to have -LRB- our money mind you -RRB- is no longer . 
POOL 's credit all OUR have yet the government still continues to spend , spend , spend OUR into oblivion . 
Now if you have access to a gravy train , please share NOW with OUR . 
CURRENTPOSTID 434
I agree . 
But we are talking about wants . 
Not dos . 
Both republicans and democrats have wants for what to cut . 
But both fail to make the cuts . 
The republicans consistently fail to make cuts to . 
Anyone and everyone will consistently fail to make cuts for as long as we are unwilling to make the sacrifice for what WE are already spending and raise taxes to cover SACRIFICE . 
As long as Americans can still go shopping at the mall REPUBLICANS do n't really care about cutting spending . 
Like ANYONE sad ... there is n't a single big ticket item that the American people broadly support cutting . 
Nothing gains over 20 &#37; support for cutting . 
If we raised taxes and put a fire under American butts you can be sure WE will pick something to cut and fast . 
CURRENTPOSTID 435
No , I do n't think Democrats want to secure the border , NO want those new potential Democrat voters . 
So we should just willy-nilly let anyone cross over to establish a life and family here without regard to whether LIFE 's legal or not . 
NO knew if beforehand that CROSS was wrong , but NO came anyway . 
Kind of like a criminal knowing what NO are doing is wrong but not expecting to get caught and suffer the consequence . 
Perhaps you want to spend your hard earned -LRB- or is that hardly earned -RRB- money on NO , but I do n't . 
I preference to to help those American citizens and legal immigrants who have a need . 
You 're all emotional , suggesting we want to kick people out . 
No , WE want NO to follow the laws of this land as you -LRB- I think -RRB- and I do . 
So stop with the crybaby tactic and be a man that wants to ensure the health and security of this nation . 
No different than what any country would want and expect . 
CURRENTPOSTID 436
They are raising taxes as we write and the fire THEY are putting under American butts is what is stemming the tide of continued wasteful spending . 
No longer is spending the catch phrase , PHRASE 's holding the line . 
You want your taxes raises , go for PHRASE . 
As for me ME want the spending cut and cut NOW ! 
Our representatives are starting to get the message and you see how many of REPRESENTATIVES are leaving congress and losing primaries . 
Yep , as YEP should be . 
You raise taxes , you increase spending , YEP 's as simple as that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 437
That 's gotta be the most backward ass conspiracy theroy THAT 've ever heard lol . 
How the hell are illegal immigrants going to vote ? 
IMMIGRANTS ca n't even become naturalized citizens if IMMIGRANTS are illegal . 
And what about the American citizen children of illegal immigrants ? 
Are we supposed to rip CHILDREN parents away from PARENTS ? 
THAT fail to see how THAT 'm being emotional . 
You 're the one calling THAT a cry baby lol . 
The fact is yes PARENTS broke the law but PARENTS 're here . 
And many of PARENTS have been here for decades . 
MANY 've established a life here and LIFE 's completely inhumane to relocate MANY to a place MANY are no longer familiar with . 
Especially if MANY have children who are American citizens . 
THAT mean hey if MANY 've been here for a year or two then yeah , deport MANY . 
But if MANY 've been here for many years or MANY have children here then what 's the point . 
Clearly MANY are n't hurting anyone by being here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 438
I want to cut spending too . 
But I 'm telling you it 's not going to happen . 
You can say you want to all you want but IT 's not going to happen . 
No one cuts spending when they are living a comfortable life . 
People only cut spending when PEOPLE are forced to . 
This is why Obama 's pay-go law is such a good law . 
If we pass a spending bill then there should be revenue that goes with BILL . 
If WE are n't making sacrifices for WE high spending then there is no incentive to cut spending . 
So you can ride your high horse all you want pretending you 're the only one who wants to cut spending . 
When in fact everyone wants to cut spending . 
WE just ca n't agree on what to cut because none of WE are actually sacrificing enough to feel WE need to cut things WE actually want to be able to spend money on . 
Let I ask you this . 
I want to see a cut in defense spending by 50 % . 
Would you support this cut ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 440
You 're repeating yourself . 
You assume we support kicking people out of here . 
Again , PEOPLE knew what PEOPLE did was wrong before PEOPLE did it , sounds like a planned crime to me . 
Suffer the consequences . 
Besides PEOPLE have a home in the land PEOPLE came from . 
How about PEOPLE establishing a life and family in PEOPLE homeland . 
A one for one swap . 
We keep one illegal , the other country will deal with you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 441
Sure I have . 
Life and death for that matter . 
They care more about THEY life and pursuit of happiness than those you assume THEY care about . 
Typical rich representatives that care about the poor . 
Do n't make I laugh . 
CURRENTPOSTID 442
Duh ! 
Democrats want to legalize the illegal immigrant , this is how DEMOCRATS 'll get the vote . 
There are many , many American children living around the world to non-American parents . 
What 's the big deal ? 
The problem is the parents came here illegally , remain here illegally , the children will do just fine with CHILDREN parents elsewhere . 
Ok , I see a little movement on your part . 
How the heck are we suppose to know how long PARENTS lived here , PARENTS 're illegal , no documentation ? 
Obviously many are hurting others here , look at the rise in crime rates in those areas swarming with illegals . 
I suppose you are ok with this since you probably live in a white only neighborhood . 
CURRENTPOSTID 443
Life or death of hundreds of millions of people ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 444
I do n't want the government to force I -LRB- or tell I -RRB- how to spend I money , I certainly do n't want to see taxes rise to help the government spend the money . 
You have GOVERNMENT all backwards . 
No money , no spending . 
How about that ? 
Defense is indeed something the Federal Government should be spending money on . 
DEFENSE 's about keeping this country safe and secure . 
Aside from a few specific domestic issues the government should not be in the business of providing that which amounts to welfare or feel good spending so they can stay in office . 
Go back , read the Constitution and other documents of our Founding Fathers . 
FATHERS would be aghast at how bloated OUR bureaucracy is . 
I sacrifice enough , about time others who have n't start . 
CURRENTPOSTID 445
I just gave you an area to cut spending and you turned AREA down ! 
Why are you against cutting spending ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 446
You referring to Senators ? 
I needed a good laugh . 
Thanks ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 447
You only address part of my response . 
MY did not say MY would n't support defense spending , but 50 % , that 's what our enemies would like . 
MY mentioned where MY think the spending should be . 
But apparently you like to be taxed and do n't care about continued spending . 
Mighty big of you to spend MY money too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 448
Yes . 
Senators make decisions that affect the lives of millions of Americans . 
Bad decisions on congress 's part could lead to complete disasters if done incorrectly . 
SENATORS have more responsibility than you ever did . 
CURRENTPOSTID 449
Cutting our defense by 50 % would mean OUR would be spending more on defense than the next 8 countries combined . 
I think OUR 'll be fine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 450
Yes THEY do . 
It is they that approved the actions in Afghanistan , Iraq and elsewhere . 
More Americans have died as a result of THEY actions so RESULT 's on THEY , not me . 
THEY make bad decisions everyday that are complete disaster , note the new Health Care bill , the rampant spending , the bankruptcy THEY are leading us to -LRB- although ME think US 're already there -RRB- . 
You go Obama -LRB- ex-Senator , soon to be ex-President -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 451
We 'd also be cutting WE own throats , would n't have to wait for the terrorists to do so . 
WE defense is what keeps WE safe and secure . 
You willing to give that up for the lavish spending on welfare and such ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 452
Cutting defense even by 50 % would not do a whole lot for us , apart from the fact that LOT is one of the few things left in the budget that the federal government is actually constitutionally mandated to provide . 
US entire security spending for FY2010 is $ 844 billion , and only part of that is defense spending . 
CURRENTPOSTID 453
Agree . 
A strong military\/national defense is what maintains our way of life . 
Sure the economy sucks , but ECONOMY sucks everywhere right now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 454
Our biggest enemy right now does n't even have an air force . 
Their idea of a good strategy is strapping a bomb to THEIR chest and walking into a mall . 
IDEA 's absolute paranoia to think spending more than the next 8 top military COMBINED is not enough . 
Absolute paranoia . 
CURRENTPOSTID 455
Defense counts for 19 % of our budget . 
DEFENSE 's the 2nd largest area of spending . 
DEFENSE 's not the end all solution but to pretend DEFENSE would n't have a serious impact on OUR budget is ridiculous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 457
That , plus getting out of Iraq and Afghanistan , would cut expenditures by about $ 450 billion a year . 
That 's a lot , maybe even a whole lot . 
CURRENTPOSTID 458
There wo n't be any other guy -LRB- or gal -RRB- . 
You 've excluded everyone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 459
CBO numbers for 2020 : http:\/\/www.cbo.gov\/Social programs account for 48 % , defense a mere 15 % . 
CURRENTPOSTID 460
Social programs benefit the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 461
To an extent , but without a strong defense our security would be compromised and you can forget about social programs for that money will go to things that wo n't benefit the economy or the people . 
Look around the world , see where in totalitarian governments where the money goes . 
Defense , little left for the people . 
So in that light , you can see OUR defense spending is negligible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 462
Are you sure he 's going to run ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 463
Are you saying you do n't think we 'd be secure spending more than the next 8 top militaries combined ? 
Because that 's how much WE 'd be spending if WE cut defense spending in half . 
I mean do WE really need as many bases in Europe as WE have ? 
No one in Europe is WE enemy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 464
Great post , It 's not only Obama that is lacking in the common sense area , another perfect example is that nit wit Holder . 
CURRENTPOSTID 465
Maybe if you were talking about High School . 
But certainly college . 
And certainly not Harvard Law School . 
You have to be a very well rounded person intellectually to get through with a 4.0 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 466
I would say we would not be secure . 
WE are not in Europe and South Korea and elsewhere because ENEMIES are WE enemies . 
WE are there for many purposes . 
Including having WE forces around the world ready for defending WE home country from afar to keep WE enemies away and also for the defense of countries that WE count as allies . 
Personally , I 'd like to see WE armed forces return to America and have a much more powerful Navy and long-range Air Force . 
A strong missle defense -LRB- and offense , if needed -RRB- and much more reliance on satellite techology . 
I 'd like to say DEFENSE 'd be nice to rely on allies who have a powerful military but at this time that is not the case and many of those allies are falling prey to radical Islam and new government structures that will turn against WE , as some have already . 
You are naive if you think letting down WE defense will be a good thing for American and DEFENSE 's people . 
You are falling for the lies of the Left and WE other enemies . 
CURRENTPOSTID 467
I thought `` very well rounded person '' included common sense , experience and good judgment as well as some semblence of strength . 
You do n't obtain these characteristics from college , certainly not Harvard Law School . 
CURRENTPOSTID 468
I did n't say you gain them . 
I said it implies you have THEM . 
You do n't get through Harvard Law School with a 4.0 with no common sense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 469
I said nothing about letting our defense down . 
I want OUR defense more efficient . 
OUR do n't have a single enemy that would fight OUR in Europe . 
Not a one . 
OUR biggest and most capable enemy is North Korea . 
North Korea is not going to fight OUR in Europe . 
And if an enemy in Europe arrises OUR have allies there that would allow OUR to build a base at any time . 
OUR European bases are nothing but WW2 and Cold War relics . 
ALLIES are useless wastes of money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 470
4.0 with no common sense ? 
Have you actually ever met a Harvard School Law School grad ? 
If so , you 'd eat your words . 
Look around , especially at Obama and OBAMA administration . 
No common sense to be found . 
CURRENTPOSTID 471
I did n't say a Harvard Law Grad . 
I said a magna cum laude 4.0 Harvard Law Grad . 
They are the best of the best . 
Anyone who can do that is EXTREMELY well rounded and intelligent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 472
You are n't going to get someone that thinks `` C-student-Bush '' is the most intelligent president we 've ever had , and `` D-in-economics-Palin '' who does n't know squat is Presidential material , to admit that Obama is not only intelliginet and eloquent , but highly qualified to be President and doing a good job at JOB . 
JOB just wo n't happen . 
The Party of `` no '' wo n't allow NO . 
CURRENTPOSTID 473
Nobody is nocking Obama 's education . 
Frankly , I do n't care . 
If the president was a high school dropout but did a good job , who cares ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 475
To be honest we must segregate what is within the authority of the Office of the President and what is not . 
Not within the power of the president . 
Not exclusively within the power of the president . 
Not within the power of the president . 
Within the power of the president . 
Not within the power of the president . 
Within the power of the president . 
Not within the power of the president . 
Not within the power of the president . 
Not within the power of the president . 
It is true that no president or presidential candidate should make promises which they has no authority to keep but Americans should be smart enough to know what the president does and does not have authority to do . 
Listing items which we know the president has no authority reflects either ignorance or partisan politics which is n't concerned with real issues . 
CURRENTPOSTID 476
Not a fact , an opinion . 
By what standards do you make that assumption ? 
The standards of those that have a vested interest in perpetrating such acclaim ? 
The best of the best . 
YOU , how you 've been taken in . 
You actually worship these people ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 477
Yes , but the point is that Obama is neither . 
Not a high school dropout nor doing a good job . 
So , so much for DROPOUT education . 
CURRENTPOSTID 478
Well , apparently Americans are not smart enough to know . 
The record of our past Presidents is evidence of that . 
Especially true of this President . 
CURRENTPOSTID 479
I know . 
The job he has done makes HE look like a high-school dropout . 
CURRENTPOSTID 480
Please , please do not offend the high school dropout ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 482
I always tell liberals that he is the coolest and most down to earth president we have had , PRESIDENT would be fun to hang around . 
I just do n't agree with any of HE political stances though . 
CURRENTPOSTID 483
He too arrogant and self-serving not to . 
CURRENTPOSTID 484
What I see is people who disagree with his political positions calling HIS ignorant . 
Which is ignorant in IMO , IMO . 
CURRENTPOSTID 485
He 's not ignorant . 
HE knows exactly what HE is doing , but what HE is doing is wrong . 
HE does n't care what the people want , HE only cares about what HE wants HE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 486
A selfish actor , in your view ? 
Conservatives should love ACTOR . 
CURRENTPOSTID 487
Why should I love him ? 
I do n't think there is 1 thing HIM has done in office that I agree with . 
Be I guest and try to name something conservative GUEST has done ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 488
Acted in his selfish interest . 
CURRENTPOSTID 489
Ended the torture of individuals in the custody of the United States government in compliance with US law and the Constitution . 
While STATES know there are a few exceptions STATES would think that most conservatives support following US law and the Constitution but STATES could be wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 490
Universally true of every president in my lifetime . 
CURRENTPOSTID 491
Meanwhile the Afghanistan conflict , `` a war of necessity '' President Obama acknowledged proceeds on yet protests in America are minimal and support for the Afghanistan war diminishes . 
Obama 's foreign policy -LRB- U.S. imperialism -RRB- advocates calamity by approving the execution of Somalia pirates , the authorization of air missile strikes in Pakistan , Afghanistan and Yemen murdering innocent civilians . 
CURRENTPOSTID 492
The question being addressed was what has Obama done which conservatives would support and I guess we can through in the war in Afghanistan as something conservative support although QUESTION serves no current purpose and libertatians and liberals are fundamentally opposed to QUESTION . 
Somalia pirates have not been subjected to execution to I knowledge but the use of deadly force to protect innocents has been authorized . 
That is a normal law enforcement issue . 
Predator strikes in Pakistan are probably approved by most conservatives and perhaps some liberals and those are being done with covert Pakistan government approval from what I understand . 
Very stupid move IMO because PAKISTAN is increasing the terrorist threat against the US as we have seen with the attempted Times Square bombing . 
All Americans should oppose extra-judicial executions which are by definition a violation of the law . 
CURRENTPOSTID 493
Well , I 'm one that does n't like the man as a person . 
MAN 's arrogant , conniving and leading this country to destruction . 
Then again I suppose there were those that liked Hitler and Stalin personally until they suffered under THEY . 
You may not see the writing on the wall , but many of us do . 
For once , I 'd like to hear Obama speak up about the good of America , not always apologizing and denigrating this country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 494
You misread Obama if you think OBAMA is the coolest and most down to earth president we have had . 
OBAMA is neither . 
OBAMA is cold and calculating and the only down to earth thing about OBAMA is OBAMA desire to ` down ' America . 
CURRENTPOSTID 495
He has n't ended anything except the peace and tranquility of this nation . 
HE certainly has n't ended the torture of individuals in the custody of the U.S. government . 
Heck , I 'm tortured everyday as a citizen of this great country every time CITIZEN speaks , does something sneaky or one of his swooning liberals suck up to CITIZEN . 
Give I Gitmo . 
Oh , I 'm already at Gitmo . 
Our national security has and continues to be compromised as GITMO scars America forever . 
CURRENTPOSTID 496
RR was the exception . 
CURRENTPOSTID 497
As a person PRESIDENT is down to earth ... as a president ABSOLUTELY not ! 
I understand that , but I think you have to distinguish between the two . 
Liberals think PRESIDENT is a good president just because LIBERALS think PRESIDENT is cool . 
CURRENTPOSTID 498
Exhibiting apocryphal vernacular for the sole purpose to beguile and deceive a large segment of America 's population indicates a disoriented , mercurial individual . 
Furthermore , President Obama has evolved into a discordant hellion and a nuisance to the societal fabric of our great nation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 500
Not Mr Reagen , but very true about Bonnie & Clyde Clinton , & Fatah Obama !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 501
I still disagree that he is cool . 
Suppose you have n't seen HE riled up yet . 
I have and so has HE staff . 
Wait until the books come out from HE underlings . 
You 'll freak out , you 'll definitely find out HE is not cool , just cold . 
HE tries to maintain an image , but the true HE is coming out as HE ca n't handle criticism , HE achilles ' heel . 
jthorp24 , throw some water on your face , awake from the daze . 
CURRENTPOSTID 502
Like so many conservatives have over George Bush ? 
George Bush loves the Satanic Rocker , Ozzy Osbourne , so very much BUSH invited Ozzy to a White House Ball on Saturday , May 4 , 2002 , where BUSH complimented BUSH and showed BUSH the best hospitality the President of the United States could lavish . 
What is a supposedly Born Again Christian President doing showering such complimentary honors on a Satanic Rocker ? 
Why is Bush stating BUSH love for Ozzy 's sickening songs , some of which BUSH names ? 
Thus , this invitation demonstrates the special regard in which President Bush holds Ozzy Osbourne . 
But , then , why should we be surprised , for Bush told WE in the quote , above , `` Ozzy , Mom loves your stuff . '' 
Mother and Son love Ozzy Osbourne . 
What does the Bible say ? 
`` Have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness , but rather reprove WE . '' 
Eph 5:11 -LRB- KJV -RRB- http:\/\/www.cuttingedge.org\/news\/n1758.cfm 
CURRENTPOSTID 503
Actually Ozzy is now a christian , but good job being wrong . 
Typical liberal . 
Obama went to a racist church for years , so nice try . 
CURRENTPOSTID 504
The republican party has given him no choice but to act in a partisan manner . 
CURRENTPOSTID 505
The way Obama acts has NOTHING to do with us republicans . 
Do n't make excuses for Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 507
I never said Bush was cool or did I support BUSH in BUSH liberal to moderate tendencies when BUSH strayed from conservative principles or Christian values . 
I take no issue with the scripture you mentioned . 
CURRENTPOSTID 508
What ??? 
No choice ? 
The President is the president of all Americans not just the Democrats . 
PRESIDENT 's suppose to be representing all of us , PRESIDENT has a choice . 
CHOICE is PRESIDENT that steers the ship , not the Republicans . 
Now if PRESIDENT would choose to stand for America and Americans rather than choose to stand on America and be the internationalist PRESIDENT is and stop berating our history and ignoring OUR Constitution . 
Standing with Calderon at the expense of an American State . 
Ditto the Democrats in Congress who gave Calderon a standing ovation . 
Now seeing major cities boycott Arizona . 
NOW 's comical since these same cities themselves have major issues with illegal immigration and a busted economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 509
I did n't know Obama was on the ballot yet . 
Ditto for Palin . 
Palin may have a killed a moose , but Obama is killing the golden goose . 
CURRENTPOSTID 511
Why should people believe you when PEOPLE can just go to Politifact and check POLITIFACT score ? 
http:\/\/politifact.com\/truth-o-meter\/promises\/The President has kept 113 campaign promises , which over 200 in-the-works , at some stage of completion . 
To be fair PRESIDENT has broken a handful and compromised on many . 
But to say PRESIDENT has not kept PRESIDENT campaign promises outright would be an unfair and bias thing to say . 
I voted yes and I would vote for YES , especially since the Republican 's wont offer anyone who would make a better President . 
When Libertarian 's run as Republican 's , MANY do n't win the primary . 
RUN will be another GOP crony in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 512
YOUR golden goose , huh ? 
Or , as it is more commonly known these days , the lame duck . 
Thanks to the magpies on Wall ST. 
CURRENTPOSTID 515
Sure there are some MARXIST kept , but some major ones , MARXIST did n't , like transparency , eliminating earmarks and going line by line to cut waste , tax cuts for 95 % of Americans , not being business as usual in Washington , etc. And then MARXIST is well on MARXIST way with some major destructive legislation such as HCR , Cap & Trade , Amnesty for illegals , bailouts , failed stimulus , increasing spending beyond Earth orbit , record deficit . 
MARXIST 's a Marxist , socialist , whatever , that is more interested in MARXIST legacy , power , big government bureaucracy , etc. than the American people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 516
Versus our conservative friends , who are more interested in not sharing FRIENDS wealth that what is good for the American people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 517
Stop trying to justify free-loading . 
CURRENTPOSTID 518
Sharing the wealth is a socialist principle that most Americans would oppose . 
Only those that want handouts , and refuse to work for a living . 
Why should one group support another ? 
Why should ONE hard-earned money be taken from ONE and given to someone who is lazy ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 519
Sure , when you stop trying to justify laissez-faire . 
CURRENTPOSTID 520
Good point . 
We 've seen the masses out there demanding termination of SS and medicare . 
What was the senior tea partiers were saying ? 
`` Keep the govt out of WE medicare ! '' 
LOLFor the record , I do n't support providing long term benefits to the able who are able to get a job and work and wo n't . 
Nor is that the design of WE unemployment system . 
CURRENTPOSTID 521
Certainly this nonsensical allegation is in a mandated apolitical position and should be discarded promptly . 
Current Vice President Joe -LRB- Where 's Waldo -RRB- Biden and JOE wife gave a dismal average of $ 369 per year to charities during the past decade . 
In 1988 , Democrat Al Gore was humiliated when GORE tax returns affirmed that GORE gave a lugubrious $ 353 to charity . 
In 1993 , Democrat John Kerry gave $ 175 to the deprived , impoverished . 
In 1995 , avaricious Democrat John Kerry gave a whopping zero , zilch , nada , nothing to charity . 
In the 1970 's , Ted Kennedy 's net worth of nearly $ 8 million and a annual income of approximately $ 461,400 and gave a miserable 1 percent of KENNEDY income to charity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 522
Just like not every single person who receives Govt benefits is lazy , right ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 524
True , but they still like him . 
Why ? 
I do n't know . 
CURRENTPOSTID 526
Good for you for being into politics at a young age ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 527
Being 19 myself ... a lot of MYSELF friends think MYSELF 'm weird cause MYSELF get into politics lol 
CURRENTPOSTID 528
Agreed . 
If AGREED runs against someone like Sarah Palin then the choice is obvious , but if the Republican Party changes things up and picks a viable candidate with an IQ above 100 then I would have to weigh the individual policies of each contender . 
CURRENTPOSTID 529
If she runs against someone like Barack Obama then the choice is obvious , but if the Democratic Party changes things up and picks a viable candidate with an IQ above 100 then I would have to weigh the individual policies of each contender . 
CURRENTPOSTID 530
That might be slightly more adorable if THAT were n't comparing a Harvard Law graduate with someone who got a B.S. in communication from the University of Idaho . 
CURRENTPOSTID 531
haha , that 's what i was thinking 
CURRENTPOSTID 532
No one with an IQ below 100 could have graduated Harvard Law Magna Cum Laude . 
CURRENTPOSTID 533
Using your rationale , anything is possible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 534
I do n't get it . 
CURRENTPOSTID 535
Just because people wear crosses does n't make PEOPLE Christian . 
You need to read up on Ozzie , you ca n't worship Satan and be a Christian . 
If you believe that Ozzie is a Christian , you have no idea what a Christian is . 
It is apparent -LRB- Bush and Quayle -RRB- due to PEOPLE affirmation of Osbourne call good evil and evil good . 
Ozzfest 2005 ??? 
What kind of `` Christians '' would perform at a known Satanic festival ? 
Ozzy Osborne is as Satanic as can be , but ironically denies being a Satanist . 
Whether SATANIST 're a Satanist or not Ozzy , YOURSELF are 100 % Satanic !!! 
Since the year 2000 , all of Ozzy 's albums have featured the Pagan god , Pan , on the front cover . 
See for yourself : 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2008 . 
One of the hottest celebrities today is the vulgar , violent and demonic Ozzy Osbourne . 
MTV recently launched the profanity-soaked The Osbournes family show . 
The Osbournes is simply filmed during Oz and family s normal -LRB- if you could possibly call OZ that -RRB- daily life . 
No acting . 
No pretense . 
Just simply being S abnormal self . 
SIMPLY s just `` family time with The Osbournes '' . 
CHRISTIANS stomached one nauseating viewing of The Osbournes -LRB- and believe CHRISTIANS that was one too many ! -RRB- 
. 
CHRISTIANS counted 51 occurrences of the `` F-word '' in a little over 15 minutes -LRB- episode `` Dinner with Ozzy '' -RRB- . 
Profanity and perversion is spewed by all the Oz kin Oz , wife , teenage daughter and son . 
Of course , MTV `` bleeps '' the worse profanity out , but the actual words are easily understood . 
In between the onslaught of f-words , and depravity , a drug-cooked-burnt-out Ozzy staggers , mumbles , shakes and screams in a state of spaced-out , confusion . 
Much of the subject matter and perverse acts can not and will not be repeated in this article but believe CHRISTIANS MUCH s sicko , sicko and sicko . 
And sicko . 
. 
Remember Dan Quayle ? 
The former vice-president , who went ballistic because TV s Murphy Brown had a baby out of wedlock . 
When asked VICE-PRESIDENT opinion of The Osbournes , Quayle replied The Osbournes were `` good entertainment '' and `` good family values '' . 
Dan did you somehow miss the episode where Oz puts condoms in QUAYLE teenagers drawers so S can have `` safe sex '' ? 
Or when Oz gives QUAYLE teenagers -LRB- Kelly 18 and Jack 15 -RRB- some `` fatherly advice '' as TEENAGERS re going out for the night , `` If you have sex use a condom '' . 
Or the zillion occurrences of the F-word . 
Plus the other quad-trillion vulgarities and perverse conversations . 
Good entertainment . 
Good family values . 
God help us . 
. 
http:\/\/www.av1611.org\/rock\/ozzy.html Obama is a Christian and at least goes to church . 
Your so-called Christian Bush does n't even go to church . 
Oh , CHRISTIANS forgot , going to church does n't make you a Christian , wearing a cross does . 
And FYI , the fact that Rev Wright called out the sins of our country does not make WRIGHT racist . 
That is a conservative 's lie , because they just want to make Obama appear bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 536
Maybe not so much because you are 19 , but because you do n't know what you are talking about ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 537
People with an IQ below 100 do n't know that ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 539
You all and your fascination with Harvard . 
Remember Bush was a graduate there but does BUSH get your adoring support ? 
Does Obama come across as an intellectual ? 
I think not !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 540
Sure they have . 
Ever hear of dumbing down the curriculum and grade inflation ? 
Part of affirmative action and political correctness . 
Besides the MCL does n't mean one has commonsense or is wise . 
Obama is living proof of this . 
CURRENTPOSTID 541
I have n't heard that Harvard law school has dumbed down the curriculum as part of affirmative action . 
Any proof of this or are THIS just demonstrating your racists beliefs ? 
The only evidence of dumbing down I 've seen are the posts I read here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 543
Actually you do n't . 
You pull up articles from years ago and read them like THEM are current . 
I 've watched MAN go on talk shows the past few months and MAN is a changed man . 
MAN 's been sober for a few years now . 
MAN is also a pretty big christian now and MAN feels really bad for the way MAN acted years ago . 
MAN lived a pretty crazy life . 
Most of the things MAN did were for show . 
I would n't expect you to know that though . 
Which just made I think ... Obama going to christian church is for show as well . 
Why would a muslim go to a christian church ? 
Cause OBAMA is the president and wants to look good . 
I do n't care if Bush went to church or not . 
You do n't have to attend church to be a christian . 
I love how every time someone brings up something bad about Obama , the liberals compare OBAMA to Bush . 
If OBAMA is the best president ever like you think why in the world would you compare OBAMA to the worst president in the history of the US -LRB- George Bush -RRB- ? 
It seems like you would set your standards higher . 
WORLD 's like the best team in the NFL comparing LIBERALS to the worst team in the NFL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 544
LOL here is to hoping VOTER wo n't be an Obama Voter . 
CURRENTPOSTID 545
Which Bush ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 546
Hahaha ! 
I was going to answer , `` over I dead body '' . 
I answer is `` Hail no '' . 
I have tried to give this man the benefit of doubt in I own mind several times , just to be embarrased for MAN . 
MAN 's a fake FAKE until you make FAKE type of man . 
MAN charisma is not charming anymore and MAN ego is over-inflated . 
A second term President . 
Lord , I hope not . 
A good , one term President ? 
Keep wishing Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 547
He 's run out of excuses . 
HE has n't had a press conference in the last 9 months . 
HE 's afraid to answer questions . 
Just look at the press briefing with President Calderon . 
CALDERON even signed a freedom of the press act , and finished that off with `` no questions will be taken '' . 
Daily Presidential Tracking Poll : http:\/\/www.rasmussenreports.com\/publ..._tracking_poll 
CURRENTPOSTID 548
Oh please . 
When he was having frequent press conferences conservatives complained that HE was still in campaign mode and not doing HE job . 
Now HE is working instead of having press conferences and you say HE 's too scared to answer questions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 549
Here 's today 's rasmussen report : Daily Presidential Tracking PollTuesday , May 25 , 2010 The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Tuesday shows that 24 % of the nation 's voters Strongly Approve of the way that Barack Obama is performing OBAMA role as president . 
Forty-four percent -LRB- 44 % -RRB- Strongly Disapprove , giving Obama a Presidential Approval Index rating of -20 -LRB- see trends -RRB- . 
The Presidential Approval Index is calculated by subtracting the number who Strongly Disapprove from the number who Strongly Approve . 
INDEX is updated daily at 9:30 a.m. Eastern -LRB- sign up for free daily e-mail update -RRB- . 
Updates are also available on Twitter and Facebook . 
Overall , 42 % of voters say VOTERS at least somewhat approve of the president 's performance . 
That is the lowest level of approval yet measured for this president . 
Fifty-six percent -LRB- 56 % -RRB- now disapprove of PRESIDENT performanceI am one who disapproves . 
CURRENTPOSTID 551
Well , with that said . 
THAT know who you are going to vote for . 
Fair minded , you are not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 552
No , no one was complaining of NO having frequent press conferences . 
They were complaining of NO almost daily news media blitz -LRB- tour -RRB- on practically every subject known to man , even detailed information on matters not necessarily of any importance to the President of the U.S. . 
What we have discovered is the man is not the great orator many thought NO was . 
Well , perhaps when MAN uses a teleprompter but even then MAN quoted what was in many cases a screw up of the teleprompter or data MAN viewed . 
MAN does not do well when questioned and MAN has to wing TELEPROMPTER . 
Typical of some other Presidents but the difference is MAN lack of knowledge and experience which is understandable when you consider MAN background . 
I was a bit of a stutterer when I was in the 1st grade , but I did n't stutter because I did n't know the subject material . 
STUTTERER is not scared , STUTTERER 's just unprepared and does not relish to be a fool , but STUTTERER fails . 
CURRENTPOSTID 553
Do you find Obama ideologically acceptable ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 554
It is really comical to hear people , who think Sarah Palin is better than sliced bread , with her journalist scholarship from 5 different colleges criticize Obama when PALIN well known to be eloquent . 
Sounds to me like sour grapes . 
We should have Bush back , with BUSH inability to complete a sentence and mispronounce every other word . 
Obama does quite well . 
OBAMA does a lot better than Sarah Palin will ever do , with MISPRONOUNCE PTA president background , and WE wo n't mention Bush , everyone knows how well BUSH used to do , bwahaha ! 
LOT has been made quite obvious that the conservatives will never warm up to OBAMA , but that is inconsequential . 
What CONSERVATIVES gave the country the last 8 years is something WE wo n't get over for a long time , but all this BS about Obama not being able to speak well , being unprepared and all else the cons are throwing out , is just that BS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 555
I think George Bush is more intelligent than Sarah Palin , yes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 556
I thought you did n't think too much of Bush ? 
Remember ? 
Ozzie Osbourne ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 557
I think highly of Bush , still do . 
I like most Americans would long to have had a third term for Bush rather than what we have now that tries to pass as a President . 
President of what country ? 
Certainly not the U.S. 
CURRENTPOSTID 558
I agree . 
Obama makes a mockery of this country and the Presidency . 
OBAMA is the most anti-American politician in Washington . 
OBAMA bashed our country on OBAMA World Apology Tour , and now OBAMA sides with foreign leaders against the U.S. What 's next , a Dictator Summit ? 
OBAMA 's going to invite Ahmadinejad , Chavez , and Il to the White House to find ways AHMADINEJAD could improve AHMADINEJAD . 
CURRENTPOSTID 559
It amazes me that there are those that still think Obama has a silver tongue and is such a wonderful speaker . 
OBAMA stutters more than Porky Pig and does n't have a prayer when PIG comes to winging PIG . 
Even Bush puts the unman to shame . 
Bush may have not been the greatest orator , but BUSH was a man who obviously loved and cared about America and AMERICA people , showed strength in the face of our enemies and did n't remind PEOPLE everyday that AMERICA 's all about BUSH -LRB- as Obama does -RRB- . 
Obama does quite well doing what ??? 
One and a half-years in office and Obama and OBAMA henchmen\/women have totally run this country into the ground with no upswing in sight . 
If Bush or McCain were in office OUR would have already seen a recovery , North Korea would n't be the issue KOREA is today and Israel would know ISRAEL would n't have to go ISRAEL alone . 
You all keep supporting Obama and OBAMA failed policies and know that OUR will welcome you back when the insanity is over . 
CURRENTPOSTID 560
Please get back to me when your chimpanzee learns how to pronounce Corpsman , Orion and Pock-is-stan for starters . 
CORPSMAN 's not doing so hot , perhaps ORION 's because CORPSMAN spent much of CORPSMAN formative years growing up in the 3rd world . 
Can one `` catch '' sickle cell ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 561
At least Bush said it the way IT was . 
BUSH did n't try to use words to BS BUSH way around . 
Obama 's ability to speak well , with a TelePrompTer and a speech written by a twenty-something year old , just enables OBAMA to deliver the BS to the sheeple so that they buy into what OBAMA is saying . 
Speaking well does not imply knowledge and competence . 
CURRENTPOSTID 562
Can we just not play the mispronunciation game ? 
GAME 's a really stupid game . 
Anyone who does a lot of speaking is going to mess up a few words . 
Besides I 'm pretty sure Bush has Obama beat in that area . 
So PATH 's not exactly the wisest path to take for a conservative . 
Focus on the policies . 
Of which Sarah Palin has few good ones . 
CURRENTPOSTID 563
Reading with one eye or does n't EYE matter to you that I was responding to some Bozo playing that exact game ? 
Try reading slower next time , you might keep up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 564
I was addressing everyone . 
Boy you sure seem to enjoy letting the world know you 're arrogant . 
CURRENTPOSTID 566
YOU suppose you thought Bush 's pronunciation of `` nukelar '' was right up there with Palin 's lack of reading abilities ! 
Bwahaha ! 
Thanks for proving once again how racist and bigoted Republican\/conservatives are . 
YOU guess you are not part of the `` Compassionate Conservative '' group - oh wait , calling oneself compassionate does n't mean you have to be ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 567
When ? 
When he could n't remember the second sentence of an adage ? 
`` Fool HE once '' er , er , `` well , HE ca n't fool ER twice '' ! 
Bwahaha ! 
BWAHAHA would have if BWAHAHA had known more words . 
At least Obama does n't have to rely on a `` phonics '' teleprompter . 
And , Obama did n't have to go to `` debate camp '' to learn what foreign policy meant . 
For conservatives TELEPROMPTER does n't . 
CONSERVATIVES are satisfied with a hockey mom , who does n't read newspapers , did n't know MOM own president 's doctrine , and writes notes on MOM hands so MOM can remember what the topic is ! 
That is why CONSERVATIVES resent Obama , CONSERVATIVES do n't understand what OBAMA is saying - goes over CONSERVATIVES heads . 
CURRENTPOSTID 568
I would n't have used such a nice word . 
CURRENTPOSTID 569
Just to be clear , you are fine with Bush inviting Ozzie Osbourne to a White House dinner , praising OSBOURNE -LRB- Satanic -RRB- music and even admitting that OSBOURNE mom , Barbara Bush loves MUSIC too ? 
Interesting , for someone that refers to Christianity so often in his\/her posts . 
MOST guess there a lot of delusional conservatives who still think `` most '' Americans were fond of Bush as we kicked BUSH out of office and with a low rating to boot ! 
MOST do n't doubt RECESSION , because it appears that conservatives do n't care what state CONSERVATIVES put the country in , whether RECESSION is a depression , recession , or toilet , as long as CONSERVATIVES have CONSERVATIVES party of `` no '' at the helm . 
And , CONSERVATIVES continue to support CONSERVATIVES leaders , when CONSERVATIVES see that CONSERVATIVES are going against everything that is helpful to Americans . 
Thank God for Obama . 
MOST still believe what Romans 13 says . 
CURRENTPOSTID 570
Bush would n't deliver BS like ... -LRB- M -RRB- y budget pays down a record amount of national debt . 
We will pay off $ 2 trillion of debt over the next decade . 
Future generations should n't be forced to pay back money that WE have borrowed . 
WE owe this kind of responsibility to WE children and grandchildren . 
would he ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 573
No , I 'm correct , the Chimp is arrogant , there IS a difference . 
CURRENTPOSTID 574
You did n't see me defending Bush 's grammar did you ? 
Racist ? 
Nope , ME think not . 
ME guess you were all up in arms when some idiots made a movie about Bush 's assassination ? 
Maybe but ME kinda -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing doubt MOVIE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 577
You are fixated on OO , kind of like you are with BO . 
As is BO 's fondness for the satanic religion of Islam . 
Americans did not ` kick ' Bush out of office . 
BUSH successfully completed BUSH two terms as President . 
More than BO will be able to say . 
If you look back at the last year of Bush 's 2nd term , you 'll note that the downward spiral in the financial and job situation started in September 2008 , one month after BO was nominated over Hillary . 
It was BUSH nomination that started the run on Wall Street and Main Street as everyone with sense moved their money to safer environs because of THEIR concern for an Obama Presidency and BUSH radical ideas . 
We are now reaping the fruit -LRB- or more likely weeds -RRB- of BUSH unleadership and denunciation of America . 
Oh , yes . 
As part of God 's Plan , BO is an instrumental figure , but not the way you might think . 
PART 's preparing WE for the anti-christ . 
CURRENTPOSTID 578
Perhaps on the planet Bizarro . 
CURRENTPOSTID 579
He only seems arrogant to those who do n't understand what HE says , not really HE fault , but the difference here is that Obama has a brain . 
CURRENTPOSTID 580
Bush could never compare to Obama in eloquence . 
Poor Bush , had to have BUSH phonics teleprompter , and still BUSH could n't pronounce the words right . 
The criticism from the right just shows what sore losers LOSERS are . 
Now that is an understatement . 
Sure BUSH did , that is why BUSH did n't mind disregarding the Constitution and telling us BUSH was `` the decider '' ? 
That was n't strength - CONSTITUTION was ignorance . 
Have n't you heard the phrase `` Ignorance is bliss . '' 
Putting the interests of people ahead of the interests of corporations , unlike Bush\/Cheney . 
Er , excuse ME , the country was already run into the ground by the time Obama took over , and for that we can thank Bush , the one that some conservatives still give OBAMA a pass on . 
If Bush or McCain were in office WE would n't be posting on this forum , the country would be so deep into depression you would have had to sell your computer to buy bread . 
How can the same policies that drove the country into the toilet take COUNTRY out ? 
Only warped conservative thinking can come up with crap like that . 
No , Bush would have WE in a war with Korea , making WE soldiers deploy there after serving in Iraq and Afghanistan without a break . 
Israel is well equipped to take care of ISRAEL . 
Why do conservatives feel like WE have to babysit Israel ? 
Welcome ME back ? 
ME 'm not going anywhere . 
And that was n't Obama 's policies that failed , those were Bush 's . 
Conservative have short memories , ME guess THOSE are now going to say that Bush actually increased the Surplus and was n't responsible for the loss of thousands of our soldiers , not to mention Iraqi citizens . 
CURRENTPOSTID 581
Gosh , OBAMA are the Obama `` model citizen . '' 
Anybody that does n't agree with Obama is stupid . 
CITIZEN mean because no conservative has a brain . 
At some point he needs to stop mocking people and actually answer some questions . 
How long has POINT been since HE 's done a press conference ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 584
The country lived through FDR and re-elected FDR three times . 
I seriously doubt that any individual president could create more harm to the United States than FDR . 
CURRENTPOSTID 585
FDR came in with the worst depression in history , turned the economy around and won a world war . 
Bush came in with a surplus budget , left the worst recession since then and got us in a mistaken war . 
Not even close . 
CURRENTPOSTID 586
I understand rabid partisanship . 
CURRENTPOSTID 587
A swipe at a President with a disability ? 
Though I think FDR 's social implementations were a misappropriation of funds and failed reasoning , I happen to admire the man who stood up to Japan and Germany attempts to conquer the world . 
Obama ai n't no FDR !!! 
Our radical Islamic enemies will not be stood up against by this weak-kneed , wimp President of today . 
Even Jimmy Carter would be an improvement . 
CURRENTPOSTID 588
By the way , I enjoyed your post of 9-15-2009 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 589
Maybe he should invade Morocco or something to make you feel better . 
After we pay for the $ 1 trillion debt from the Iraq mistake . 
CURRENTPOSTID 590
all the liberals want the end to the wars too if you check out the news and commentaries . 
i think he 's just there for bipartisanship ? 
maybe if HE announces a pull out before HE cycle is over HE will get re elected . 
that would be good politics , lets say the republicans get the majority then HE announces and end to the wars and they say no. . 
any incumbent who does n't follow suit will lose out on independents for the republican nomination and this will be a victory for us . 
CURRENTPOSTID 591
How about the many trillions in debt that Obama has racked up since coming into office ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 592
While about 70 House Democrats opposed the surge in Afghanistan overwhelmingly both Democrats and Republicans supported 70 . 
We can also note that during the 2008 primaries that all of the presidential candidates except for Kucinich and Paul supported the continued US wars in the Middle East to a greater or lessor degree . 
CURRENTPOSTID 593
I bet you do ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 594
It does n't count if Obama spends IT . 
Remember OBAMA has OBAMA own currency called `` Obama money . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 595
Measuring in trillions of dollars is somewhat hard to determine for several reasons . 
First and foremost is that while a president does have influence the budget is actually established by Congress and not the president . 
Next is the fact that the 2009 budget is a Bush budget and not an Obama budget although Obama did add some spending to SPENDING . 
By comparison though in 8 years President Bush doubled the national debt and even with projected average deficits of almost a trillion dollars per year President Obama will not double the national debt that 8 inherited from the Bush adminstration even if 8 remains in office for 8 years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 596
You seem to be confusing what YOU want , with what independents want . 
What independents actually like and do n't like is simple . 
There are many politically sophisticated independents , but most independents are not . 
Most do n't know much about politics , and do n't really care to . 
So for the most part independents dislike taxes on INDEPENDENTS . 
Whether INDEPENDENTS are ok with taxes on other people is more mixed , but taxes on INDEPENDENTS are always opposed . 
INDEPENDENTS are in favor of government programs that INDEPENDENTS can clearly tell benefit INDEPENDENTS . 
So INDEPENDENTS tend to like social security , medicaid , etc. . 
INDEPENDENTS tend to dislike programs that clearly directly benefit other people , but not PEOPLE . 
Most do n't care about the drug war , but the ones who do are probably relatively evenly split , with people opposed to the drug war probably a slight majority . 
ONES might care a little about national debt and a balanced budget , but LITTLE is certainly not at the forefront of ONES mind . 
ONES definitely DO N'T want to end the war on terror , and ONES may want a rational immigration policy , but not people who feel -LRB- however justified or unjustified that feeling is -RRB- that immigrants are a threat to IMMIGRANTS jobs . 
I agree with almost every aspect of what you said , to make DO clear that I am not simply disagreeing with you for partisan reasons , but most independents DO NOT . 
INDEPENDENTS may agree with a few of those points , but INDEPENDENTS are certainly not in complete agreement on any of those points . 
CURRENTPOSTID 598
Or maybe they interpreted it as , `` will you vote for Obama if YOU have to vote for one of the 2 main parties , and Sarah Palin was the Republican candidate . '' 
Then YOU would vote yes . 
As IT stands , YOU will be voting 3rd party in the 2012 election , or not voting at all . 
CURRENTPOSTID 599
I 'd be very interested to see any polls showing that independents want to cut military , SS , medicare and medicaid spending by any significant amount . 
CURRENTPOSTID 600
I would vote against Obama if Bonzo the Chimp were running . 
I might possibly abstain if CHOICE were a choice between Obama and Charlie Manson , but otherwise anyone who stands even a remote chance of beating this loser and getting LOSER and LOSER thugs out of the WH will get I vote ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 601
Most independents that I have heard from want a balanced budget without tax increases and that would mandate cuts in both military and entitlement budgets because there is no other way to achieve a balanced budget . 
People are delusional if PEOPLE believe that cutting $ 15-20 billion in pork barrel spending will eliminate a trillion dollar annual deficit and I do n't believe that independents are that delusional . 
PEOPLE know what needs to be cut even though PEOPLE are probably calling for cuts in programs PEOPLE support in principle . 
CURRENTPOSTID 602
Thanks , but I 'll pass on giving credence to your anecdotal hearsay as to what independents supposedly want . 
CURRENTPOSTID 603
President Obama possesses no skill or guidance set with which to command , no knowledge base with which to govern , and no ideological base that is consistent with a republic and capitalism . 
As anyone would conjecture , OBAMA has looked moronic in OBAMA vain attempts to be the world 's unifier . 
Obama promised the most transparent administration in U.S. history despite the fact OBAMA broke numerous campaign promises . 
It is blatantly obvious that OBAMA administration is in over ADMINISTRATION head and is governing in an sophomoric , incompetent manner . 
I would vote against Obama if Pee Wee Herman were running for the Presidency . 
CURRENTPOSTID 604
This nonsensical assertion does n't nullify or exculpate the Obama administration 's lugubrious fiscal immaturity , wasteful spending like allocating nearly $ 20 million dollars courtesy the Obama stimulus to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program -LRB- Food Stamps -RRB- , $ 89 billion to provide a temporary increase in Medicaid funding that neglects to promote or stimulate job growth . 
President Obama disclosed a $ 3.55 trillion budget for fiscal year 2010 and projects a deficit of $ 1.75 trillion dollars . 
The authorization of out of control , irresponsible and reckless deficit and debt spending at unprecedented rates indicates hideous leadership and a lack of fiscal responsibility by President Obama and a pathetic led Democratic controlled Congress . 
Come 2012 , President Obama will have added over 5 + trillion dollars to The National Debt in just 4 short years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 605
My intent was not to `` nullify or exculpate the Obama administration 's lugubrious fiscal immaturity '' but instead to reflect the fact that the problem is bipartisan in nature . 
CURRENTPOSTID 607
http:\/\/www.foxnews.com\/story\/0,2933,558700,00.htmlAs I have noted the national debt is an overwhelming concern for most independents and it is the independents who ultimately elect the president as neither the Republicans or the Democrats have enough votes to elect anyone without the support of the independents . 
BTW this is an older poll and the concerns about the debt have increased since the passage of the HCR bill which most independents opposed because of PRICETAG 's trillion dollar pricetag . 
I do n't doubt the national debt is an overwhelming concern . 
What I doubted was the most independent would favor significant cuts in military , SS , medicare and medicaid spending . 
CURRENTPOSTID 608
It 's estimated overhauling health care will cost nearly $ 1-1 .2 trillion dollars further adding to a sky rocketing National Debt and the interest payment on The National Debt , two of America 's largest expenditures . 
Furthermore , Obama proposes cutting approximately $ 500 billion dollars from Medicare depriving the the disabled , the handicapped , the mentally ill and our senior citizens access to quality health care service . 
One of the primaries goals of passing `` Obamacare '' is to drive down health care costs , however Medicare\/Medicaid and the interest payment on the National Debt are without question some of OUR government 's biggest liabilities . 
Eventually , the total cost of overhauling `` Obamacare '' will surpass rising health care costs based on the premise that the the payments of Medicare\/Medicaid and the interest payment on The National Debt will exceed overhauling `` Obamacare `` ObamaCare will increase nation 's healthcare costs . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 609
That is less than 1\/4 the cost of additional military spending since 2000 . 
So THAT assume you 're in favor of drastic cuts in military spending too , right ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 610
And I want a time machine and a unicorn . 
CURRENTPOSTID 611
And back on earth where Obama is just another politician , such things sound like nonsense . 
I ca n't believe conservatives actually believe the things CONSERVATIVES say . 
I believe Obama has not been a good president , but the way conservatives talk Obama is Hitler , Stalin , and Mao rapped up into one . 
That is of course complete and total nonsense . 
Obama is just like most other Democratic or Republican politicians , which is to say incompetent and ruled over by the interests that finance OBAMA campaigns and lobby OBAMA on a daily basis . 
Anyone who thinks a Republican would be any better is delusional , and anyone who thinks POLITICIANS would be that much worse is also delusional . 
CURRENTPOSTID 612
Yes , WAR support massive cuts in military spending like putting an end to that `` war of necessity '' , the Afghanistan conflict President Obama once labeled . 
ROFLMAO ! 
It was the Democrats who passed Medicare\/Medicaid in 1965 and now a majority of Democrats propose cutting nearly $ 500 million dollars from that government operated health care plan . 
Sorry Iriemon , that logic is fundamentally erroneous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 613
Why are you calling Iriemon frodly ? 
PS . 
I see you fixed PS now !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 614
Barrack Hussein Obama , a incompetent President with invidious and enigmatic acquaintances who manipulated millions of Americans based on asinine promises of hope , change and transparency . 
OBAMA is nothing more than a self loathing duplicitous progressive Left elitist , equipped with no moral compass . 
President Obama : Sharp as a bowling ball ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 615
No actually McCain , Pelosi , Reid , et al are each `` just another politician '' . 
This guy happens to be sitting in the office of what was formerly -LRB- until GUY go ahold of AL and started apolgizing around the world for America 's `` arrogance and injustices '' -RRB- known as the Leader of the Free World . 
Look , POLITICIAN 'm not going to argue with you about the motivation of our current politicians . 
POLITICIAN completely agree that POLITICIANS are -LRB- on both sides of the aisle -RRB- motivated pretty much solely by what 's in AISLE for POLITICIANS . 
That said , Obama is NOT like most other politicians . 
OBAMA sees OBAMA as some sort of revolutionary who is going to `` make America a better place to live '' by injecting massive amounts of government into OUR lives and righting the `` injustices '' suffered by minorities , gays , the poor , and just about any other voting bloc OBAMA thinks OBAMA can pander to and that might be stupid enough to swallow the prodigious piles of dog poo that spews from OBAMA mouth on a daily basis . 
Most other politicians are satisfied with sitting in POLITICIANS little offices and filling POLITICIANS greedy little pockets as POLITICIANS build POLITICIANS petty little fiefdoms within the gubment . 
You may want to go back and read POLITICIAN original post . 
Not once do POLITICIAN mention a Republican . 
POLITICIAN primary point was that POLITICIAN am aware of this man 's agenda and POINT 's dangerous . 
MAN 's attempting to make fundamental changes in this country that POLITICIAN do n't agree with . 
POLITICIAN 'm willing to take POLITICIAN chances on just about any other warm body that can fog a mirror if POLITICIAN think there 's a remote possibility they wo n't do as much damage to this country as Obama is trying to do . 
Hell , POLITICIAN 'd even vote for Hillary if POLITICIAN were able to vote in a Demoratic primary and if DEMORATIC ran as an independent POLITICIAN 'd vote for DEMORATIC over Obama in the general if POLITICIAN though the Republican candidate did n't have a chance of winning -LRB- doubtful running against Obama , but ... -RRB- . 
Not only that ... OBAMA 's black -LRB- gratuitous bone thrown as chum to the lib trolls out there , POLITICIAN 've been called a racist enough POLITICIAN figure POLITICIAN might as well just embrace the title -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 616
Absolutely not . 
Obama uses rhetoric and tries to pretend that OBAMA is different from most other politicians , but the fact is OBAMA is n't . 
What has Obama done that is so radical ? 
The radical solution to healthcare is socialized medicine like POLITICIANS have in the UK . 
The center left solution was a public option like POLITICIANS have in many other European countries . 
What we wound up with was a compromise that benefited no one but insurance companies , who now have people mandated to buy insurance . 
A handout to insurance companies , does n't seem to radical to me . 
Not only that , but the mandate was originally Hillary 's idea , the person you say you would vote for over Obama . 
Beyond that , what has Obama done that is radical ? 
OBAMA continued both wars . 
OBAMA hired Bush and Clinton era economic advisers . 
OBAMA is anything but radical . 
Well ME take that back , OBAMA is a radical centrist . 
Well since ME am not one of those liberals , how about you do n't ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 617
Not only no. ... BUT HELL FRICKEN NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 618
Who did you vote for last election ? 
And why ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 619
Obama money = our tax dollars + $ 0 -LRB- amount non-taxpayers contribute -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 620
Actually , Obama has tripled the deficit in 1.5 years -LRB- per projection -RRB- . 
I do agree that the Congress manages the purse strings , but the President signs CONGRESS . 
Let 's see , the Democrats were in office during the last 2 years of the Bush Administration and that 's when the lid exploded , even more so after investors bailed out of the Stock Market when BO got the Dem nomination in August 2008 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 621
I appreciate your vote or non-vote helping remove Obama from office in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 622
My intent is to reflect the fact that Obama is above OBAMA paygrade . 
CURRENTPOSTID 623
Check the facts . 
Our military forces and apparatrus has been significantly reduced since Bush I. Really took a beating under Clinton and now under Obama . 
The Federal Government has grown massively under Obama at the expense of private employment . 
CURRENTPOSTID 624
And I support your wants . 
Ride that unicorn into a time warp , PLEASE !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 625
I appreciate your vote or non-vote helping remove Obama from office in 2012 . 
Some choose to vote for the best candidate as opposed to voting for the lessor of two evils . 
In 2008 neither the Republicans or the Democrats nominated a candidate worthy of being president . 
We can expect the same in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 626
Exactly !!!!! 
Sucks do n't it ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 628
Could n't be more truthful . 
CURRENTPOSTID 629
While MY will not be voting for Obama in 2012 , my no vote will be irrelevant . 
Because of the electoral college , Obama will get MY vote no matter what MY do , because OBAMA will , without question , win Illinois . 
Not only will OBAMA win Illinois , but OBAMA will win reelection as well . 
The frenzied insanity Obama has caused in right wingers in this country is not shared by the vast majority of people . 
Non-political people still like Obama . 
PEOPLE count for a lot in a presidential election . 
But much more importantly , Obama will win because by 2012 , the economy will have rebounded . 
Now that simply has to do with the nature of the business cycle , but because of the nature of politics Obama will claim the credit , and OBAMA will win reelection . 
Another important reason Obama will win , is because Republicans are REALLY -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- !! 
They are incredibly incompetent , so even if Obama is incompetent as well , INCOMPETENT is not like anyone but Republican partisans think a Republican would be that much better . 
CURRENTPOSTID 630
Yes , could n't be more truthful . 
Except if you count reality in your evaluation of truth . 
If only the land of right wing fairy tales is counted , then yes `` could n't be more truthful . '' 
But if you allow that pesky reality business to get in the way , BUSINESS could n't be less truthful . 
Meaning BUSINESS is n't truthful at all . 
http:\/\/www.govexec.com\/dailyfed\/0108\/020708cdam1.htmDefense spending was at BILLION 's high point under George HW Bush in 1990 . 
BILLION was 301 billion . 
If adjusted for inflation , that would be 495 billion in todays dollars . 
Defense spending in W. Bush 's last budget was 680 billion . 
Significantly more than the spending was the last year of the cold war !! 
So yes , if you discount reality TRUTHFUL suppose that could n't be more truthful . 
But being the crazy liberal that TRUTHFUL am , TRUTHFUL like to reference reality when deciding how truthful a statement is . 
So TRUTHFUL will say the statement `` could n't be more truthful '' actually could n't be less truthful . 
CURRENTPOSTID 631
Very well said . 
CURRENTPOSTID 632
Not no , but hell no. . 
I did not vote for his America hating leftist loser imbicilic incompetent moronic simpleton ass the first time when I thought HIS was all these things and more , now I know HIS is all these things and more . 
Not no , but hell no. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 633
Maybe he will get offered the secretary of the Navy post , like Sestak . 
CURRENTPOSTID 634
Duh ... . 
. 
. fricking obvious ... duh ... . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 635
ITS called wishy washy duplicity ... . 
its a leftist thing ... . 
nothing like waiting to see which way the wind blows before setting your sails . 
CURRENTPOSTID 636
I 'm only 18 , so I did n't vote in the last election . 
CURRENTPOSTID 637
I thought you lived in the U.S. I do n't recognize the the country as you describe , particularly the non-political people who 's numbers are dwindling daily because of Obama 's incompetence . 
By the way , Illinois will go Republican in 2010 and 2012 , big time . 
CURRENTPOSTID 638
Certainly not if Obama runs , which OBAMA will . 
CURRENTPOSTID 639
You refer to Defense spending , I referred to the size of our Military . 
Perhaps a little more research on your part will enlighten you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 640
The odds are that Obama will not run for reelection for OBAMA may be incompetent but OBAMA is no fool . 
OBAMA sees the writing on the wall and OBAMA will not want to be ashamed of failing to get reelected . 
Still ca n't understand why OBAMA does n't mind failing in matters of importance like running the country and being a strong advocate for America . 
My money is on Hillary to run , then get stomped in the general election . 
Does n't matter which Republican will run against HILLARY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 641
Why ? 
Are his poll numbers so different than other Presidents in this stage in the game ? 
And , for the record , the last time a President declined to run for a second term was in 1968 ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 642
He is already a disgrace , who cares about HE shame that deepens each day to never before seen depths and depravity . 
Hillary will run , I 'm sure , but I hope that the GOP will be wise enough to not nominate Palin , HILLARY is attractive and strong to a degree , but presidential material , HILLARY pars Obama in that respect . 
CURRENTPOSTID 643
He will run , I disagree with BFOJ in that regard . 
Obama is an arogent ass , OBAMA thinks unequivocately that OBAMA is right , even though a clear majority was against the health care bill , for example , the leftists passed ASS anyway . 
I am not sure OBAMA will get out of the primaries though , Hillary looks better all the time , but leftists are stupid and LEFTISTS will stick with LEFTISTS man even though OBAMA is an obvious leftist loser and an incompetent boob . 
CURRENTPOSTID 644
The question will be whether the Republicans put up even greater losers than McCain and Palin in 2012 ? 
Even my parents , life long Republicans from Arizona , could n't bring PARENTS to vote for the McCain\/Palin ticket . 
CURRENTPOSTID 645
I agree , I had to hold I nose while I did NOSE . 
I would have voted for Hillary if HILLARY had be the nomonee . 
HILLARY is a better canidate than McCain , and CANIDATE would hve been the first time voting for a Dem since Carter . 
I knew that Obama would be a buffoon from the very moment I saw OBAMA on a stage in Iowa . 
I was shooked that OBAMA got the ticket , much less that people actually elected OBAMA , TICKET defies logic . 
I hope and pray that people will not make the same mistake twice . 
CURRENTPOSTID 646
You have a valid point , the public is horribly ignorant , and that 's how we wound up with him in the first place . 
One thing though , the Democrats can not lean back on much , the people are decidedly against HIM health care and that is going to be big , as well as immigration just look at the Arizona numbers , the country is scared to death of the immigration situation . 
I think that will play big as well . 
The fact that HIM does not listen . 
HIM has also caused a greater divide between the races , and HIM is not going to get the white support HIM once enjoyed . 
Now , your putting NOW all in the economy and that 's a real strong point , NOW will improve and no thanks to HIM and HIM will play on NOW . 
I truly believe if HIM continues to lose the independents HIM 's gone . 
The last part of your post I will dismiss , pure partisan bull . 
We are talking about the public and not your particular take on the republicans . 
Look at Congress a horrible situation , and there is nothing partisan about that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 648
Given the depraved fools who put George Bush in office twice , OFFICE 's hard to argue against the point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 649
Agreed . 
Less pecimistically -LRB- sp -RRB- , I do not think that people will make this horendous a mistake again for awhile . 
I think that many people have awakened to the fact that character and associations matter . 
If CHARACTER gets re-elected , I will defere to this post as highly prophetic and never doubt you again . 
I hope , whoever , that you are very wrong on this score . 
If CHARACTER is re-elected , SCORE may well be the end of our republic as OUR now know NOW , and a clear diviation from the founders intent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 650
Good point . 
Sadly . 
CURRENTPOSTID 651
Given that Obama 's approval ratings are hovering in the 45-50 % range even in the midst of the worst economy in 80 years , IMO you 're reaching . 
CURRENTPOSTID 652
Those numbers make onalandline 's point . 
That people have not fully realized the disaster that is Obama and OBAMA merry band of leftists . 
Katrina and the oil spill , personified . 
CURRENTPOSTID 653
lol You are way too far gone if you think one of Obama 's homestates is going republican in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 654
In other words , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
I pointed out your ignorance of the subject , and you have no response . 
CURRENTPOSTID 656
I sometimes wonder how people can both work a computer and continue to say things as stupid as this . 
Obama will win Illinois in 2012 . 
I will bet you through pay pal . 
Not only will I bet you , but I will give you 10-1 odds as well . 
That is because Obama will win Illinois . 
ILLINOIS is not even up for debate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 657
What DEMOCRAT said was partisan ???? 
DEMOCRAT said Republicans were incompetent -LRB- they are -RRB- and DEMOCRAT said Democrats are incompetent . 
Which side was DEMOCRAT partisan for ? 
Simply pointing out how absolutely terrible the Republican party is , is not partisan unless DEMOCRAT did it only because DEMOCRAT was a Democrat . 
DEMOCRAT am not , DEMOCRAT think Democrats are almost as bad if not equally as bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 658
Good lord what the hell are you guys talking about ?? 
Obama is not significantly worse than George Bush . 
If you think OBAMA is , you are delusional . 
Obama has been a bad president -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , but no worse than George Bush . 
The insane hyperbole coming from the right , in which they try to pretend that Obama is the worst leader since Stalin , is simply insanity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 659
You have totally , and I mean totally , missed the point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 660
No I did n't . 
EXAMPLE was an example of an ignorant person decrying how terrible Obama is , and how terrible the electorate is that elected OBAMA . 
The person who wrote that statement is clearly a fool as well , as evidenced by what they wrote . 
I bet that is one of those internet chainmails going about . 
Where really stupid people go on and on about who stupid or foolish Obama is . 
Obama is certainly not stupid or foolish . 
OBAMA is actually very bright . 
OBAMA is simply an incompetent president , and like all other politicians , OBAMA is more worried about pleasing OBAMA campaign financiers and lobbyists , than OBAMA is about doing what is best for this country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 661
She is right in both cases . 
Obama is the poster child for imbicilic incompetence , and the people totally ignored OBAMA being mentored politically at a young age by a self identified communist , and spiritually mentored by an America hating racist non-christian preacher , have COMMUNIST political career launched at the home of a murderous domestic terrorist . 
How much evidence do you fricking need . 
If YOU can not see the magnificent examples of OBAMA incompetence flowing freely from the white house daily then FRIEND , my young friend , are in desperate need of an awakening . 
OBAMA is both stupid and foolish added to OBAMA incompetence and corruption and collusion and other criminalities is pleaseing no one . 
But MY have never been fooled by this idiot . 
Never . 
INCOMPETENCE is beyond MY why anyone misses INCOMPETENCE , INCOMPETENCE is so obvious . 
CURRENTPOSTID 662
If IDEOLOGUE are a right wing ideologue , yes . 
For all sensible people , what you are saying is nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 663
You know nothing about my ideology , pretending you do is foolish . 
MY oppose Obama on principle , because OBAMA has none . 
CURRENTPOSTID 664
We survived FDR who deviated from the Constitution more than any other president in history and was the original architect behind the national debt that WE have today . 
Yes , FDR was added to by LBJ in the ' 60 's and by several presidents who have squandered America 's wealth on military interventionism over the last 60 years but FDR was the first and worst president when FDR came to complete distain for a constitutionally limited government . 
CURRENTPOSTID 665
While the debt has increased in actual terms , relative to GDP , DEBT declined steadily , including during LBJ 's term until 1981.Year-Debt % GDP1946 121.0 % 1947 105.7 % 1948 93.6 % 1949 94.7 % 1950 87.5 % 1951 75.2 % 1952 72.3 % 1953 70.1 % 1954 73.3 % 1955 67.7 % 1956 63.3 % 1957 59.6 % 1958 60.4 % 1959 57.2 % 1960 55.1 % 1961 54.3 % 1962 51.7 % 1963 50.0 % 1964 47.8 % 1965 44.6 % 1966 41.8 % 1967 41.4 % 1968 39.3 % 1969 37.4 % 1970 37.5 % 1971 37.6 % 1972 36.3 % 1973 34.0 % 1974 32.8 % 1975 35.2 % 1976 35.8 % 1977 35.4 % 1978 34.4 % 1979 33.0 % 1980 33.4 % 1981 32.9 % 1982 36.8 % 1983 39.9 % 1984 42.3 % 1985 46.1 % 1986 47.6 % 1987 49.6 % 1988 51.0 % 1989 52.1 % 1990 55.7 % 1991 61.2 % 1992 64.1 % 1993 66.2 % 
CURRENTPOSTID 666
Well , that is true . 
Perhaps THAT was being a little melodramatic . 
But the point remains that Obama has made few , if any , good decisions . 
And those came at much deliberation and consternation shelled within OBAMA inability to make a decision that is driven by principle , OBAMA seeks consencus to even simple things , let alone hard things . 
Take the oil spill for instance , OBAMA is pushing SPILL all off on BP . 
which is not wrong , but OBAMA has taken no leadership role in this disaster , instead of getting skimmer recources here as quickly as possible , OBAMA placed ROLE all on hold for God only knows what reason , where RECOURCES could have been getting as much oil as possible from the open water mitigateing the amount that reached shore making impact and cleanup more manageable . 
As ROLE is , the disaster is maximized and the efforts of prevention minimized . 
ROLE an Obama thing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 667
Well , we have no idea who the Repubs will run , or how they will perform , but WE do have the Dems in office now so an opinion can be given . 
So , I would have to assume you are being bias at the very least . 
I liked the rest of your post though ... I may not agree but you presented the point well . 
CURRENTPOSTID 668
Yes , the field is wide open . 
I do not see Palin doing well . 
People float her name for now , even though HER has not declared , because no other names are out there . 
But there are alot of quality republicans out there who would do well . 
Palin to I is like Obama , looks good , speakes well , but has no depth or experience . 
However from the hip , even Palin out shines Barry . 
But that is no achievement of note . 
CURRENTPOSTID 669
The only guy who manages to poll well against Obama is Romney . 
And I have strong doubts a Mormon will ever get nominated . 
As long as there is a halfway decent Christian on the table like Mike Huckabee Romney does n't stand a chance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 670
Your figures are backward . 
No one can suggest this forum is overwhelmingly conservative . 
Who are you kidding ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 671
If a Muslim can get nominated and win the Presidency , then a Mormon has a chance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 672
Of course you can . 
The conservative claim the board is full of liberals . 
The liberals claim the board is full of conservatives . 
And the libertarians claim the board is full of idiots . 
CURRENTPOSTID 675
Humm , could be . 
I like them both , and I liked either compared to McCain , whom I admire , just not as president , MCCAIN is too much a RINO for I taste . 
But I think that Jindal will be in the mix , and in this present crisis in the gulf JINDAL outshines Obama , but admittedly , thats not hard to do . 
But yet JINDAL has exercised leadership in the vacuum left by Obama 's incompetence . 
People need to get over the religion thing . 
Wer have a closet Muslim in there now , how much worse could a good Mormon family man be ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 676
... he never intended to ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 677
There is no one in the whole of the known and unknow universe as far as Hubble may peer , who is more incompetent than Obama . 
ONE is an absolute impossibility . 
Off the scale even . 
CURRENTPOSTID 678
That 's funny . 
The Republican 's own website does n't show a majority against the health care bill . 
In fact , it seems to show just the opposite ; that the health care bill did n't go far enough . 
And THAT all know why OPPOSITE did n't go far enough : Republican obstructionism . 
CURRENTPOSTID 679
Just now noticing that huh ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 680
Please tell me the name and location of your doctor . 
ME want what DOCTOR is prescribing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 681
Obama and I have the same doctor . 
The doctor likes to have patients that counter-balance one another . 
You 're either for I or you 're against I . 
CURRENTPOSTID 682
It all makes sense to me now . 
On ME personal hotline to the oval office , Obama told ME OBAMA was planning to research the plague of hallucinatory pyschoses afflicting Republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 683
You actually were n't speaking with Obama , it was Gibbs . 
Speaking of one who suffers from hallucinatory psychosis , now that man 's picture is in the dictionary for this phrase . 
CURRENTPOSTID 684
Your delusional fixation on Obama does not reflect reality . 
Obama will win Illinois , and I would bet you any sum of money to that effect . 
CURRENTPOSTID 685
When a Muslim does get nominated , please let me know . 
CURRENTPOSTID 686
Bush is the poster child for imbecilic incompetence . 
BUSH did more harm to our country by acting like a bully and bragging about torturing OUR prisoners . 
OUR grandchildren and great grandchildren will be the ones to pay for BUSH stupidity.Right-wingers saw what BUSH administration did to OUR country , yet ONES have the audacity to get on here and criticize Obama , who kept OUR from going into depression , in spite of having to work with Republican Congressmen who vote no on every issue . 
OUR are so fortunate that the majority of people in America were able to see the ignorance of the Republican Party play out and decided OUR had had enough of PEOPLE incompetence . 
Conservatives keep repeating the lies of the conservative media , who 's main interest is having the Republican party in office so CONSERVATIVES can get tax cuts and get wealthier on the back of hard working people . 
And the dummies that watch CONSERVATIVES programs are believing everything DUMMIES tell DUMMIES , because DUMMIES are not smart enough to figure out that WEALTHIER is all a bunch of lies . 
If conservatives were able to take CONSERVATIVES bigoted racists blinders off , CONSERVATIVES might be able to see that everything the conservative media tells CONSERVATIVES is just a bunch of BS . 
CONSERVATIVES do n't like Obama because OBAMA is black and mostly because OBAMA makes Bush and Cheney look like Dumb and Dumber . 
CURRENTPOSTID 687
I 'm not sure what his doctor is prescribing is good . 
It makes you lunatic , do you actually want to subscribe to that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 688
How do you figure that . 
Check any of the polls - it is most certainly mostly rightist ! 
Most of the mods are conservative , so explain that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 689
That is funny that you should say that . 
US 'm having a discussion with another conservative who argues that the right wing is not trying to dictate religion into government and , that Separation of Church and State is a myth . 
THAT claims that the FF did not intend for a specific religion , but certainly wanted religion into government . 
Now , you explain to US , if that is the case , why would the right wing get their panties all in a wad if WING had been true that Obama was Muslim ? 
After all , we do have Muslims living here in the US and THEIR pay taxes . 
THEMSELVES , by your statement have just proven that right-wingers who call themselves Christian do n't practice what RIGHT-WINGERS preach . 
RIGHT-WINGERS want to dictate RIGHT-WINGERS beliefs to everyone else in the country , by law , if RIGHT-WINGERS can , and RIGHT-WINGERS do n't want to extend certain rights to other citizens . 
True Christians would want to be fair , would n't RIGHT-WINGERS ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 690
So I win if he does n't run for reelection ? 
I do n't bet , certainly not for money . 
There 's too much money in politics as it is . 
Obama proved IT by OBAMA massive amounts collected during OBAMA run for the Presidency . 
George Soros is getting SOROS payback as we write this . 
CURRENTPOSTID 691
Sorry , you must have missed the last Democratic Nomination last August -LRB- or was that July ? -RRB- 
. 
Asleep at the wheel again ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 692
True Christians would want you to be saved . 
This is my hope for you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 693
Prejudiced and bigoted partisan blinders aside , the GOP , patriot Americans and a fraction of Blue Dog Democrats are aggravated at Obama 's socialist policies and they are progressively bewildered that OBAMA is a incompetent cretin . 
America watches apprehensively as the same `` misguided '' policies Obama enacted in our great nation are failing miserably and plainly in Europe . 
President Obama possesses no intelligence with which to dictate , no knowledge base with which to lead , and no ideological base that is consistent with a republic and capitalism . 
President Obama : One term blunder ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 694
Meanwhile , LBJ 's tyrannical party spent millions of dollars on a unconstitutional war -LRB- U.S. imperialism -RRB- further driving up The National Debt and the interest payment on The National Debt . 
In 1965 , after Medicaid\/Medicare was passed by a Democratic led Congress and signed into law by a Democratic President LBJ -LRB- Klu Klux Klan member -RRB- , Republicans obtained 47 congressional seats in 1966 . 
Ostensibly , history has a trend of repeating 1965 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 696
I thought maybe there would be some pretty colors too ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 697
An interesting perspective from our neighbors to the North and not unlike many Americans who would oppose potential candidates such Ron or Rand Paul who unquestionably support a Constitutionally limited US federal government . 
Palin does not support limiting the US government to GOVERNMENT 's enumerated roles and responsibilities and is , from US perspective , just another ignorant politican perhaps slightly more ignorant than most . 
But US do find GOVERNMENT somewhat amazing that most Americans do not support candidates which believe in adherence to the US Constitution . 
Even the `` Constitution Party '' does n't support following the Constitution when GOVERNMENT comes to imposing CANDIDATES religious beliefs upon America as a platform plank . 
CURRENTPOSTID 698
BILL never knew even the Constitutional Party was n't constitutional . 
BILL wonder what they were thinking ? 
Bob : Well , Bill , BILL think we should establish religious fundamentals in WE party . 
Bill : WE party ? 
You mean the Constitutional Party ? 
Bob : Indeed , Bill . 
Bill : But is that not , well , unconstitutional ? 
Bob : Nonsense ! 
Where does BOB say that politicians ca n't endorse religion ?! 
Bill : Um , right at the beginning , Bob . 
Bob : BILL bet the Commies put you up to this ! 
In all seriousness , BILL have a very rare particular opinion on Obama when BOB comes to other Canadians . 
Most Canadians , when asked `` Would you vote for Obama ? '' 
, would be quicker to say yes than YES would if asked `` Would you vote for Harper ? '' 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 699
COIN actually attempted to contact them regarding this disparity between the Constitution and THEM party platform but of course COIN question went unanswered . 
Whenever a question of Constitutionality is addressed to most politicans WHENEVER goes unanswered . 
COIN received the same non-response from COIN senators when COIN question NON-RESPONSE about `` legal tender '' laws and pointed out that Article I of the Constitution only allowed Congress to `` Coin Money '' -LRB- not print currency -RRB- in Section 8 and prohibited any State from making `` any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts '' in Section 10 . 
While we do n't have a State income tax in WA COIN am waiting for the day when COIN get a check from the WA government , perhaps from an overpayment of property taxes , so COIN can go to the State Treasury and demand payment in gold or silver in compliance with Article I Section 10 of the US Constitution . 
COIN wonder why no one has done this before ? 
Perhaps NON-RESPONSE have and COIN am merely unaware of ONE but ONE certainly reflects that the `` legal tender '' laws are unconstitutional IMO . 
If the States can only make payment in gold and silver under the Constitution then the federal government which is subject to the rule of the States can not do that which the States can not do . 
The States can not authorize that which NON-RESPONSE are prohibited from doing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 700
Constitutions , at least in America and Canada , seem to be documents that are flaunted rather than followed . 
More so with America because of most Americans ' obsession with the American founders and the constitution , yet most of FOUNDERS would vote\/endorse a politician that breaks the constitution . 
One of those politicians , more explicitly , being Mike Huckabee for example . 
It is a huge shame more Americans do n't take the constitution as a legal document , but as a political holy paper . 
CURRENTPOSTID 701
First of all , you did n't answer my other questions , mainly : 
CURRENTPOSTID 702
The blue dog democrat that side with the Republicans are those that are more interested in keeping their jobs in conservative infested states , than what is good for the country , and THOSE are in the minority , just like the reps. Calling Obama socialist is a phrase coined by Bush Limbaugh , repeated by the GOP Media , Fox News and company , and all the conservatives who have no earthly idea what true socialism is , but find SIDE comforting to make that assumption about Obama , because that way THOSE do n't have to expose THOSE true reasons , prejudice ad bigotry . 
Socialists claim calling Obama a socialist is ABSURDObama 's not Socialist , I should knowObama 's tax policy not Socialist 
CURRENTPOSTID 703
Rush Limbaugh calls socialist and communists evil people and PEOPLE want to destroy `` this '' country , yet whenever LIMBAUGH defines socialism and communism it 's always psuedo-Stalinism . 
Glenn Beck , on the other hand , is completely insane . 
BECK believes progressives are the most evil kind of people in the world , and BECK thinks Woodrow Wilson , a progressive , created eugenic camps . 
The truth is , THIS believe Sparta was the first to do so . 
CURRENTPOSTID 705
That 's because Reagan was President . 
Obama is nothing but a talking head , empty suit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 706
Implying Reagan -LRB- surprised nobody can actually spell REAGAN last name -RRB- was nothing else either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 707
I am usually very conscientious with spelling but let that one slip by . 
SLIP is corrected . 
Reagan was far superior to Obama , and those that compare Obama to Reagan are very insulting to Reagan . 
CURRENTPOSTID 708
While Obama is anything but competent , I can say the same about Reagan . 
That 's just I , though . 
CURRENTPOSTID 710
It 's actually easy to answer , at least if you are not a democrat or liberal-leaning independent . 
The odds of Obama adopting a conservative or `` Republican '' platform during the next couple of years is extremely remote . 
If you are the polar opposite of the majority of OBAMA policies today , BET 's a fair bet you 're going to the polar opposites of the majority of OBAMA policies come election time . 
CURRENTPOSTID 711
He has already adopted much of the `` Republican '' platform . 
Most notably on foreign policy issues . 
Where HE has changed the way the president talks , but has done very little to change the way the president acts . 
HE has also failed to pass meaningful financial reform , and appointed Timothy Geithner , a man who played a major role in the Bush administration , as BUSH treasury secretary . 
HE has obviously deviated on many issues as well , but the narrative some right wing fantasy story tellers -LRB- aka fox news and Am radio -RRB- have been propagating , about Obama 's radical agenda is completely detached from reality . 
There is more than enough there for any rational and independent minded conservative to like . 
TELLERS may not like many things , specifically the increased spending -LRB- though NARRATIVE did n't bother TELLERS under Bush -RRB- , but there are many issues on which TELLERS could come to agreement . 
SPENDING just happens that Obama sparks an irrational hatred among most people on the right , and that causes PEOPLE to invent reasons to hate OBAMA more than reality could ever dictate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 712
You think Obama is any different than Bush ? 
Seriously ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 713
I agree that he 's similar to Bush , particularly in foreign affairs . 
As for the rest , REST 's extremely debatable . 
Bush might have been a republican , but few would seriously call BUSH conservative . 
Stating that BUSH 's adopted a republican platform is a stretch of enormous proportions . 
Not being able to carry out BUSH original promises does n't equal adoption of the opposite stance . 
Most new presidents fail miserable when ADOPTION comes to delivering on PRESIDENTS campaign promises . 
You seem to have pretty strong feelings there , frodly . 
Maybe conservatives are n't the only ones with an irrational hatred . 
Just because someone does n't agree with Obama does n't mean he 's being called radical . 
You seem to be under the impression that the hatred for the opposing team in something new ; IMPRESSION 's not . 
The democrats were absolutely rabid towards Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 714
I dislike Obama as much as bush . 
I simply reject the conservative position being taken of late , that Obama is the worst most evil politician in the world , when the reality is , OBAMA is just like pretty much all politicians . 
I should say OBAMA is like all Democratic and Republican politicians , which means lacking in true principles and only loyal to the interests that fund OBAMA campaign and lobby OBAMA on a daily basis . 
CURRENTPOSTID 715
Bush was much worse then Obama , but that still does not make Obama good enough for me to vote for OBAMA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 717
Obviously most Americans also considered McCain\/Palin worse than Obama and did vote for Obama which is why OBAMA was elected . 
The 2012 elections will probably hinge on the same fundamental decision . 
Obama maybe bad but is OBAMA worse than who the Republicans will run against OBAMA . 
On a side note if we compared McCain and Palin I would state that McCain was superior to Palin -LRB- even though MCCAIN is a dinosaur of politics -RRB- and the Palin choice obviously hurt McCain in the election . 
The Republicans would certainly reflect absolute stupidity to run the worst part of their 2008 ticket as THEIR 2012 presidential candidate . 
Hopefully THEIR will actually nominate a good candidate but PART is doubtful based upon past history . 
CURRENTPOSTID 719
One of the problems we have is that elections are not carried by voting for candidates so much as voting against candidates . 
I believe Obama was elected with the support of independents who were fundamentally voting against the McCain\/Palin ticket . 
SUPPORT was a choice between `` two evils '' and the independents selected the lessor of the two evils . 
Americans will probably be faced with the same choice in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 721
I do n't think so , but you are entitled to your opinion . 
Obama has done more damage in 11\/2 years than Bush did in all 8 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 722
Let 's see , the entire economy was imperiled by the Bush adminstration 's lack of attention and neglect of the United States while off waging wars based upon unsupported and often false allegations which resulted in as many as one million innocent people dying while also leaving the government with over a trillion dollar budgetary deficit in 2009 and having doubled the entire national debt in only 8 years . 
FAN 'm not a fan of Obama 's but OBAMA is going to have to do quite a bit more the equal the damage done to the United States by the prior adminstration . 
CURRENTPOSTID 723
I really ca n't see how he 's the same as Bush . 
HE 's working to get DADT repealed . 
HE passed a major stimulus bill that Bush would have never touched . 
And HE completely reformed healthcare in a way Bush never would have done . 
Not to mention HE has a more sensible tax plan and HE policies are actually improving the economy rather than destroying ECONOMY . 
HE 's not perfect . 
But HE 's leagues above Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 726
Besides for the throw in about globalists -LRB- that is a small thing anyways -RRB- , HE agree with almost your entire post . 
HE also voted for Obama , and HE now regret NOW and will never vote for Obama , or a Democrat of any kind for that matter , ever again . 
You are right . 
HE was too young to remember Clinton . 
HE became politically aware under Bush , and all HE knew was that Bush was a really terrible president . 
HE figured that if we got Bush out , IMPROVEMENT would be a major improvement , and HE really had high expectations for Obama . 
Instead BUSH passed a mandate that required all people to give more money to private health care companies . 
BUSH has failed to stop rendition , close Guantanamo , stop torture , get WE out of Iraq , open talks with Iran , etc. . 
HE do n't necessarily agree with all of those issues -LRB- guantanamo for example is just political football , even if WE closed RENDITION WE just would have moved the people somewhere else without actually changing anything substantial -RRB- , but if BUSH had lived up to those promises RENDITION would show HE that BUSH is not just any other politician . 
He of course has not . 
HE now realize is NOW is all political theater . 
There is no right wing or left wing media , there is only the corporate media . 
NBC , Fox , CNN , and all other news networks all receive their revenues from advertising dollars from the exact same corporations . 
CNN is the interests of those corporations the media represents , not any ideological viewpoint . 
CORPORATIONS simply need to have fox news distract right wingers from the legitimate issues facing this country , and all other media sources to distract all other people from the legitimate problems facing this country . 
As you said , anyone who thinks there is a major difference between Democrats and Republicans in action is a twit . 
There rhetoric may be radically different , but when was the last time a conservative balanced the budget and when was the last time a liberal passed a significant piece of social welfare legislation that was not just a giant handout to health care providers ? 
Bush and Reagan spent like drunk sailors , and Clinton gutted welfare . 
SAILORS do n't actually live up to the rhetoric that SAILORS spout . 
It is simply a way to keep the normal people of this country occupied . 
So PEOPLE make up fake issues like Obama is a socialist , or look at how much Sarah Palin spent on shoes , or Michael Jackson died -LRB- even better -RRB- , or any other element of the political or pop culture circus to distract us all from the political realities currently facing this country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 728
That video is something put together by a schizophrenic lunatic , and anyone who takes EMBARRASSMENT seriously is an embarrassment to the human race . 
With all the legitimate criticisms that can be made of any politician , Barrack Obama very much included , why are right wingers obsessed with the most insane and off the wall criticisms . 
OBAMA was actually born in Kenya !! 
OBAMA is a Marxist !! 
OBAMA never actually went to college . 
And on and on . 
I see this stuff , and can not imagine how a human being could take BEING seriously , and HEIGHT worries I to no end , to know that many people do in fact take HEIGHT seriously . 
HEIGHT is the height of irrationality . 
I try to give people the benefit of the doubt as much as is possible , but many of the right wingers on this forum make FORUM very difficult . 
CURRENTPOSTID 729
Say what you want . 
I do n't trust this guy . 
History will show GUY is a fraud . 
CURRENTPOSTID 730
I do n't trust AGENT either !! 
That does n't mean I think AGENT is actually a Muslim Marxist double agent from Kenya !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 732
Obama is one of the most conservative democrats to run in awhile . 
On a global standard OBAMA 's center right . 
Most of major accomplishments have been too conservative for those on the left . 
CURRENTPOSTID 733
You are out of your mind man . 
Name one president who passed -LRB- borrowed from the chinese -RRB- a 800 BILLION dollar `` stimulus '' and passed a 4 TRILLION dollar healthcare welfare plan for fat lazy poor people to get free drugs . 
Osama is by far the most EXTREME lefty to ever step foot in the White House . 
And look what happens . 
.10 % unemployment and 6 million lost jobs 
CURRENTPOSTID 734
Just because he has n't come through on various things promised does n't necessarily mean HE leans less to the left than previouslythought . 
It just means that HE has failed to accomplish what was promised . 
CURRENTPOSTID 735
Yeah , you 're right , Bush only spent 700 Billion in BUSH last days and spent 11 trillion largely on a war of choice in Iraq . 
CURRENTPOSTID 736
Bush passed a 1.8 trillion dollar stimulus comprised completely of corporate tax cuts . 
also BUSH 600 dollar tax rebate stimulus cost about 150 billion . 
Reagan 's tax cuts cost us even more than Bush 's as a percentage of US GDP . 
CURRENTPOSTID 737
The ENTIRE war for 7 years while Bush was in office was 600 Billion dollars , for 7 years of war . 
Where in the hell are you getting 11 Trillion dollars brah ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 740
You know , thats a good question . 
I do believe I heard QUESTION somewhere but now I 'm not sure . 
I 'll cop to that . 
I withdraw the figure and apologize . 
Seriously , I apologize . 
CURRENTPOSTID 741
Get on the bandwagon my friend !! 
MY will either not vote , or vote for some independent liberal . 
MY would vote for nader , but MY do n't think LIBERAL will run again . 
Hopefully some one takes LIBERAL place , and MY will vote for them . 
CURRENTPOSTID 742
I 'll end up voting for somebody that 'll get like 0.3 % of the vote , but at least I 'll feel better . 
God knows I 'm not voting Republican . 
CURRENTPOSTID 743
Yep same here . 
I will vote for some one who gets almost no votes , but I will feel better than voting for Obama or any other Democrat , and I would never vote for a Republican either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 744
Reagan 's tax cuts did no such thing . 
THING was spending increases on thepart of a democrat controlled congress . 
CURRENTPOSTID 745
How will assisting in your own sides loss make you feel better ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 746
If Obama runs again , I think OBAMA will win . 
But independent of this , why should I vote for anybody for any other reason than because I agree with them ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 747
Obama has n't really changed OBAMA philosophical stance on the issues , what 's `` not '' to agree with ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 748
I would have voted for him in 2008 if I was old enough to . 
HIM ran to the left of where HIM 's been during HIM time in office . 
I do n't think that 's debatable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 749
I most certainly is debatable , Just because he has failed to come through on certaincampaign promises does n't mean HE 's changed HE philisophicalstances . 
It simply means HE failed to come through as promised . 
CURRENTPOSTID 750
It 's not that SOCIALIST has n't come through , IT 's how SOCIALIST goes about not coming through , SOCIALIST dig ? 
SOCIALIST 's too willing to compromise to the Nth degree with a party that will vote against everything NTH or the Democrats propose , a party that has a significant portion that believes SOCIALIST is a Socialist and\/or SOCIALIST 's not even a citizen of this country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 751
Obama will receive your vote again . 
When the election finally gets here you 'll realize even more just how important your vote is , and will not want to waste VOTE on some nobody candidate . 
You will then hold your noseand hit the switch for Obama once again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 752
Would n't it be good to see him push for HIM policies even when HIM does n't have the votes at the time when the bill is introduced ? 
I totally agree with your post on HIM being pragmatic . 
However , there is a time to go with the crowd and there is a time to lead . 
I have n't seen HIM lead much . 
CURRENTPOSTID 753
Compromise ? 
He could care less what the republicans want . 
What happened with health care should be plentyevidence of that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 754
They threw in a bunch of amendments I do recall . 
CURRENTPOSTID 755
Those amendments mean little to nothing in overall scheme of things . 
What 's more important is that none of the republicans voted for it . 
CURRENTPOSTID 756
They were n't going to vote for it no matter what he proposed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 757
I guarantee you that I wo n't . 
CURRENTPOSTID 758
No , it means NO rhetoric does not match NO action . 
I do n't care what Obama says OBAMA believes , I do n't care what OBAMA philosophical stances are , I care what OBAMA actions are . 
OBAMA actions are unacceptable . 
For I to forgive those actions because I agree with many of the things OBAMA says would be very stupid . 
CURRENTPOSTID 759
No what is important is that there was no public option , and there was a mandate . 
A mandate that is basically a giant handout to health care providers . 
There has also been no significant financial reform . 
No further environmental reform . 
No comprehensive progressive energy bill . 
The Republicans voted against COMPREHENSIVE as political theater . 
They spent a year convincing THEY followers that obama was an evil socialist , and that health care reform was an example of evil socialism . 
YEAR would have been impossible for THEY to have then voted for the bill . 
YEAR also perpetuates the myth that there is some fundamental difference between the 2 parties . 
Both parties are controlled by the same special and corporate interests , and persuaded by the same lobbyists on a daily basis . 
SPECIAL is the interests of those groups both parties represent , not any overarching ideology . 
Why would I vote for one party over the other , when the outcomes on every important issue are going to be pretty much the same . 
CURRENTPOSTID 760
Even if that were true , so what ? 
The democrats managed to win a super majority and the republicans did n't `` and still do n't '' have the power to stop anything . 
CURRENTPOSTID 761
They do n't have to as long as the Democrats ' own majority does that for THEY . 
All the GOP has to do is vote no. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 762
What ever direction the GOP votes right now is irrelevant . 
They simply do n't have the numbers to stop the democrats . 
CURRENTPOSTID 763
The Democrats stop the Democrats . 
That 's the point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 764
You 're kind of missing the point , POINT being said that his recent actions -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is proof that HIS has all of the sudden shifted right philosophically . 
I believe when KIND comes to HIS ideology HIS is as liberal as HIS ever was . 
CURRENTPOSTID 765
If the process gets stopped up with the number of democratscurrently in office then you need to focus on what wrong with THEN , not the republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 766
I am . 
That 's been the focus of I posts in this thread . 
Btw , FOCUS looks like you 're posting in Blank Verse lol . 
CURRENTPOSTID 767
What are you saying ?? 
That supports my position , POSITION does not weaken POSITION . 
Democrats had a super majority for almost a year . 
They could have gotten a public option , real financial reform , reformed social security in a liberal fashion , improved the welfare state , etc. . 
What did THEY do instead ? 
THEY got almost nothing done in that year , and then blamed Republicans for stopping THEY , when as you pointed out , Republicans had no means by which to stop THEY . 
So THEY are full of -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
Why would MY vote for THEY ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 768
That is because your belief is clearly based on irrational partisanship . 
If you instead based your beliefs on reality , your beliefs would quickly change . 
CURRENTPOSTID 770
Does that mean yes then ? 
Or is MEAN the same as no , which would then make me think you could just use the no option available ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 771
I give you props for that . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 772
I also vote for this . 
CURRENTPOSTID 773
Remember , this is what the republican leader , Rush Limbaugh , wants . 
Limbaugh wants President Obama to fail , as do many of the republicans . 
MANY do n't care if THIS hurts America , as long as Rush is happy ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 774
interestingthere are estimated 20 million people who listen to Limbaugh . 
I do n't know if that is occasional listeners or some type of solid daily number . 
There are approx 55 million registered Republicans . 
We will leave out IndependentsSo , you assume to know what Limbaugh thinks . 
INDEPENDENTSSO has been clear that INDEPENDENTSSO wants the country to succeed . 
You also assume that the 20 million listeners will do exactly as they are told by LimbaughWhat then becomes of the other 35 million who do n't listen ? 
do you have any more talking points ? 
I have a good site you may likewww.mybarackobama.com 
CURRENTPOSTID 775
If you do n't believe Limbaugh is the real GOP leader , just ask LIMBAUGH ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 777
Your right he would be dead . 
CURRENTPOSTID 778
You have his phone number ? 
NUMBER seems only anti American leftist are the only ones that actually listen to LEFTIST , I know of no one that does . 
CURRENTPOSTID 779
Ridicules speculation , no proof . 
CURRENTPOSTID 780
1-800-282-2882 
CURRENTPOSTID 781
Thank you , have n't seen or listened to him since HIM had a evening TV show ... . 
. 
probably going on 20 or so years ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 783
Very astute point . 
If a guy ca n't pick a dog with alacrity , GUY has no business being president . 
CURRENTPOSTID 785
How long did it take for him to decide to accept help to plug the -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ed hole ? 
Something that is destroying peoples lives and jobs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 786
SAME does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that when someone `` says '' I want Obama to fail , SAME is the same as saying `` SCIENTIST want the country to fall '' . 
Obama 's failure would only be seen\/recognized if the country was in the toilet , as was seen when Bush was in office . 
Fortunately , FAILURE was near the end of OBAMA term and Americans had sense enough not to vote in OBAMA clone with OBAMA airhead cohort . 
CURRENTPOSTID 787
First day , I believe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 788
Are you sure ? 
Because we heard on Faux News that NEWS took him a month ! 
-LRB- Just kidding -RRB- . 
But , FACT is a fact , Faux News commentators are still claiming that no foreign ships have been allowed to help , but that is not true . 
As usual , Fox News spreads lies before doing some fact checking . 
The administration says foreign vessels are already helping to combat the worst U.S. oil spill so a blanket waiver isn t needed . 
There are a lot of foreign vessels operating offshore , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the government s incident commander , told reporters on June 25 . 
The Coast Guard would be happy to aid in requests for waivers , but to date , since REPORTERS re operating outside 3 miles , no Jones Act waiver has been required . 
http:\/\/www.businessweek.com\/news\/201...-to-spill.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 789
Come on now the Kenyan Navy does n't count . 
CURRENTPOSTID 791
YouTube - James Carville vs. Rush Limbaugh You really need to listen to this , Rush explains CARVILLE stance perfectly . 
I want Obama to fail as well . 
MINUTES 's only 3 minutes , please listen , 3 gives the perfect example . 
CURRENTPOSTID 792
That 's right . 
THAT do n't like Obama 's policies so THAT want the economy to fail because that will help OBAMA be defeated . 
If a couple million more Americans lose their jobs , THEIR savings , and THEIR homes , that 's OK as long as MILLION leads to a Republican victory . 
We see that attitude from a number of conservatives . 
Very patriotic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 793
Did you even watch the video ? 
I do n't want this country to turn socialist , Obama succeeding means this . 
Why would I want that ? 
That 's not America . 
I do n't care if you think I 'm patriotic or not , I 'm way more of an American than you will ever be . 
CURRENTPOSTID 794
Sure . 
If the economy grows and is successful , then Obama succeeds . 
Which Rush and OBAMA acolytes are against -LRB- because OBAMA might raise ACOLYTES taxes and OBAMA 'd have to buy a smaller mansion -RRB- . 
Thus OBAMA wants the economy to fail , even if millions more Americans lose MILLIONS jobs and homes , because then Obama fails . 
Which is why Rush and the other Murdoch mouthpieces constantly emphaisize the negative about the economy and ignore the positives . 
MILLIONS know that if MILLIONS can help create less confidence in the economy , that will help drag M.O. down . 
That has been the M.O. since day 1 . 
Very patriotic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 795
Ah , racism . 
Gotta love GOTTA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 796
He was n't talking about the economy . 
The economy is going to fail under Obama regardless because OBAMA has no idea what OBAMA is doing . 
ECONOMY 's more about socialism\/communism . 
We do n't want the government having more control and telling WE what to do ! 
WE would rather see higher tax rates than that . 
WE want WE freedoms in the great capitalistic society . 
Any American who wants the government controlling more things in the private sector is just wrong and completely un-american . 
CURRENTPOSTID 798
Turn on Rush on any given day and he is constantly talking about how badly the economy is doing . 
IMO , if you feel that way , the patriotic and American thing to do would be to try to elect representatives who share your view and you can repeal the health care and deprive those tens of millions of Americans of health care coverage and everything will be hunky dory for you again like CARE was . 
But hoping the economy goes to the -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- can so Obama fails while millions lose MILLIONS jobs and homes is not . 
In my opinion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 799
Will I take anyone who calls Obama `` Hussien '' seriously ??? 
Haaaaaaa !!!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 800
Nah , it was a trap to see who would drag out the racism tag ... congratulations you won . 
CURRENTPOSTID 801
It is obvious that you are so into Rush that you fail to see what he says to mean other than what HE tries to explain that it means . 
Our country is not a football team competing to win a game . 
If Obama fails , that means OBAMA policies have put the country in jeopardy . 
The country loses . 
Your conservative policies did just that to OUR country , and OUR came pretty darn close to failing . 
Why is THAT so hard for conservatives to understand that ? 
There is no failure for Obama without the entire country failing . 
Sorry , I 'm not comatose , I know exactly what Rush meant , no matter how RUSH tries to sugar coat MATTER . 
The man is an idiot . 
CURRENTPOSTID 802
Ah , so by making a racist comment , you then catch the racists ? 
Conservative logic ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 803
Actually Obama is an idiot . 
OBAMA does the opposite of what the public wants on every topic . 
Rush ca n't harm the country , Obama can and OBAMA is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 806
Yeah , I see higher earning capacity for Americans and more freedoms with Obama 's ever-increasing bureaucracy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 807
A world pariah ? 
Since when has the United States been anything but the most powerful political force on the planet ? 
And a `` laughing stock '' ? 
Maybe you care what some elitist European snobs think about this country but I sure as hell do n't . 
SNOBS can kiss I big fat American butt . 
Such outlandish hyperbole . 
Under Reagan , the economy boomed and millions of new jobs were created , and what civil rights were eroded during REAGAN term , specifically ? 
And I guess you forgot who bailed out all the rich bankers and received the most campaign contributions from Goldman Sachs . 
That would be Obama . 
P.S. - I noticed your vote has nothing to do with how good a President Obama has been or would be . 
Speaks volumes ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 811
Not really . 
Most liberals are getting fed up with Obama and you should to . 
Also , the right cares more about politics than the average leftist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 812
And you 're basing this on ? 
... 
CURRENTPOSTID 813
Even if I 'm not all that pleased with Obama , I 'll still vote for OBAMA over some unnamed Republican . 
CURRENTPOSTID 814
Obviously we disagree . 
Do HIS remember during Reagan 's second term when his Alzheimers became so severe an announcement was made that Reagen was such an efficient leader REAGEN only worked 40 hours a week ? 
Read between the lines . 
Did you ever hear Maggie Thatcher 's quote about Reagan ? 
`` THATCHER 's such a dear but there is absolutely nothing between THATCHER ears . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 816
I doubt that 's true . 
I see liberals and libertarians saying LIBERALS would n't vote for him . 
It does n't mean the conservatives outnumber the left by 2 to 1 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 817
The liberals claiming republicans outnumber the democrats 2:1 on this board ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 818
pelosi , reid , boxer , frank , dodd , wiggins , rangle and REPUBLICAN personal favorite , the lunatic that thinks Guam is going to tip over . 
If any of the liberal people in WIGGINS districts did the least bit of research , PEOPLE would never have been voted in more than once . 
So PEOPLE either do n't care , do n't pay attention , or PEOPLE do care and are just stupid . 
And for the record , REPUBLICAN am not a republican . 
REPUBLICAN am of the opinion that all politicians are crooks . 
Politicians are like diapers , POLITICIANS need to be changed often and for the same reason . 
CURRENTPOSTID 820
No LIBERALISM is liberalism at LIBERALISM 's finest to not recognize a joke and want to call NO racism . 
So congratulations to you for your jump on the bandwagon of name calling . 
CURRENTPOSTID 821
So , in other words , a terrible source . 
Same goes for Republicans that get re-elected for eternity . 
Incumbency is very high , no matter the party . 
To make such a statement based on something that happens on both sides just does n't work . 
CURRENTPOSTID 822
You do n't need them . 
Mr. President is showing the world PRESIDENT `` amazing ability '' just fine without THEM . 
The great job PRESIDENT 's doing should have PRESIDENT re-elected in no time flat ! 
BTW , I voted for McCain . 
CURRENTPOSTID 823
Actually I agree with you . 
The liberals are always a terrible source . 
CURRENTPOSTID 824
Forums in general are terrible sources . 
Because then we have posters using `` sources '' like those to make a broad proclomation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 825
Well I was using the liberals own words to prove I point . 
We care more because WE form things like the tea-party . 
WE speak out and WE do n't let the government tell WE what to do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 826
I 'll say this . 
FWIW , the American Right is more consolidated and focused than the Left , and thus we have groups like the Tea Party . 
But does RIGHT mean GROUPS know or care more ? 
Not necessarily . 
CURRENTPOSTID 827
Actually it 's showing that people are becoming smarter . 
I do n't know how anybody could possibly vote for Obama . 
OBAMA 's full of -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
OBAMA lies . 
Does n't care what the people want . 
OBAMA 's destined to drive this country straight into the ground . 
Any candidate that we put out there will be a much better candidate than Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 828
Sarah Palin , Ron Paul ... that was easy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 829
Wake up . 
Obama 's approval rating are in free fall mode right now . 
OBAMA has n't done anything positive since OBAMA was in office . 
All we do is spend , spend , and spend , which equates to waste , waste , and waste . 
Obama will not be re-elected in 2012 , 2012 's just that simple . 
CURRENTPOSTID 830
Not like we do n't have over 2 years left until the election . 
Hardly anyone had even heard about Obama 2 years before November of 2008 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 831
I believe liberals are hoping for the first . 
Ron Paul has had plenty of chances ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 832
Anybody but Obama at this point . 
OBAMA 's not going to win and POINT 's quite evident . 
CURRENTPOSTID 833
That 's what liberals said about GW Bush before BUSH second run . 
That `` anybody '' was John Kerry , and KERRY simply would n't do . 
ANYBODY 'd be careful making claims this early . 
CURRENTPOSTID 834
Sarah Palin is a joke . 
If she wins the Republican Primary -LRB- which I admit , is disturbingly possible , -RRB- then Obama 's win in 2012 is practically assured . 
Heck , if Palin 's OBAMA opponent , I 'll be voting for PALIN . 
Ron Paul ... that 's trickier . 
PAUL 's got a good grassroots movement , and PAUL actually uses the internet -LRB- as do PAUL followers -RRB- . 
The problem is , the Republicans want to tank PAUL hard . 
The fact that PAUL 's an actual conservative hurts PAUL here . 
PAUL criticizes PAUL own party as much as PAUL does the Democrats -LRB- indeed , I found out today while watching a YouTube clip of an interview with Ron Paul that PAUL expressed the same sentiment that I express all the time . 
Granted INTERVIEW was an old interview , so PAUL probably used INTERVIEW first . 
The Republicans were brought in to fix things , and INDEED just made things worse . 
So the Democrats were brought in to fix things , and INDEED did just what INDEED said INDEED would : increase spending and taxes . -RRB- 
But I do n't think Paul has a chance . 
PAUL 'll have the establishment of both parties against PAUL . 
Not to mention the media -LRB- or specifically Fox News -RRB- hates PAUL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 835
Groups that large being `` focused '' does n't mean they are correct , m LARGE evidences strong propaganda and an absence of free thought . 
America today is nowhere near as free as AMERICA used to be fifty years ago . 
Freedom of thought today is criticized . 
How else can you say like above that , `` the American Right is ... consolidated and focused ... ? '' 
So was the German right in 1934 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 836
I get what you are saying . 
I really like Paul . 
I think PAUL will be able to get quite a few liberal votes for president if PAUL was able to win the republican primary . 
CURRENTPOSTID 839
Obama 's 2nd term is guaranteed . 
Even if OBAMA does n't win , OBAMA 'll get TERM . 
See Bush 's 2 terms for example . 
Independents decide the vote . 
No way did independents vote for Bush BUSH 2nd term . 
And no way will INDEPENDENTS vote Obama for BUSH . 
That 's why INDEPENDENTS can make move after move that Americans do n't want and still walk with INDEPENDENTS heads high . 
Honestly , how could we ever know that an election was n't rigged in this country ? 
Trust , please . 
CURRENTPOSTID 840
Probably not liberals but conservative democrats , the conservatives alone outnumber the liberals and the folks in the middle lean conservative i 've noticed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 841
I agree they put the extremist bush in for two terms , now THEY need a good liberal for 2 terms to clean up the mess left behind . 
CURRENTPOSTID 842
It 's funny you , or anyone , knows who\/what the candidates will be . 
Not YOU . 
YOU will watch and see . 
CURRENTPOSTID 843
LIBERAL did n't say they were correct . 
Read LIBERAL post again . 
LIBERAL 'm a liberal . 
LIBERAL 'm telling you now that LIBERAL wo n't be voting Republican . 
LIBERAL guarantee NOW . 
CURRENTPOSTID 845
We would have saved a lot of money if WE would have plugged his hole ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 846
Ohhhh , about 13 % of the population , , , HAHAHAHAHAAHAH . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 848
I do n't think so I think his name had a lot to do with HIS being elected . 
Sounded exotic and so foreign , now Leroy or Wille for that matter would have been just another name that would n't have garnered any interest . 
Barack may have problems getting people interested in BARACK , BARACK name or BARACK policies next Presidential election . 
CURRENTPOSTID 849
If it is necessary I will be totally shocked at the gullibility of the voters . 
CURRENTPOSTID 851
What does this even mean ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 852
I do n't think there will ever be as much gullibility as there was when Bush won the second time ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 853
Oh come on , you can read ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 854
Yes , I 'm well aware of that . 
I 'm just not sure of what point you 're trying to make . 
CURRENTPOSTID 855
POINT was n't my point . 
Was POINT ? 
Stay on point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 856
Well whoever it was . 
CURRENTPOSTID 857
THE are so right the most gullibility was the first time Obama was elected . 
. 
you ca n't top that even with whipped cream and a cherry . 
CURRENTPOSTID 858
well now you are contributing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 859
You miss my point . 
MY am saying the polity is managed almost beyond the bounds of truly free choice . 
CURRENTPOSTID 862
Yeah their '' dreams '' are to live off our ass . 
CURRENTPOSTID 863
Have to redistribute that wealth . 
Do liberals really want that -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ??? 
Do n't LIBERALS realize that the road to totalitarianism is the redistribution of wealth ??? 
CURRENTPOSTID 864
The road to slavery is on the other end . 
Slave masters were great capitalists in CAPITALISTS time , those founding fathers . 
CURRENTPOSTID 865
That 's the entire point of income taxes . 
To distribute the wealth . 
WAY 's not the road to totalitarianism . 
WAY 's the only way to keep our economy from being controled completely by one group of people . 
WAY 's the only way to insure OUR have a middle class . 
CURRENTPOSTID 867
So is providing and education for everyone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 868
You might want to check current events here : http:\/\/www.realclearpolitics.com\/epo...oval-1044.htmlThis is all polls , left , right , and center . 
Currently on NO poll is BO gaining and on no poll is BO at 50 % . 
BO decline has been steady and consistent even by left leaning media . 
The man is simply a middle management type at best . 
MAN would NOT become an executive in business . 
MAN lacks the skills . 
CURRENTPOSTID 869
Independents are under 40 % for him according to Gallup , that 's stunning for HIM . 
Do n't listen to Mertex , MERTEX stopped looking after the election ... LOL ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 870
Wrong . 
Middle class is redistributing to the low class . 
Obama wants no low class . 
People that are in the low class now are model citizens in OBAMA mind . 
CITIZENS deserve other people to `` give '' PEOPLE money that PEOPLE did n't earn . 
I ca n't believe you do n't see a problem with the redistribution of wealth . 
PROBLEM 's completely wrong and unethical . 
CURRENTPOSTID 871
You ca n't convince some of them on the left , SOME are die hard believers in the rising star status of Obama . 
OBAMA could drop to zero on the polls and SOME would see OBAMA at 50 or better . 
CURRENTPOSTID 874
Yeah that dirty Commie Adam Smith was for THAT . 
CURRENTPOSTID 875
The high point is over . 
CURRENTPOSTID 877
I guess you missed where ONE said through July 4 , 2010 ! 
That was a tough one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 880
At this point in his presidency , Reagan 's approval rating was around 45 % and falling . 
Less than half approved of HIS performance at that time . 
And HIS had had the advantage of being shot . 
http:\/\/online.wsj.com\/public\/resourc...pp0605-31.htmlJust kind of shows how unreliable polls are as predictors of future events , eh ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 883
You call being shot an advantage ? 
Maybe that 's your idea of a good time , but IDEA 's not mine and Mr. Reagan 's . 
CURRENTPOSTID 884
For popularity purposes it is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 885
That 's very interesting . 
IMO , what you have to look at then is future actions . 
If Barack takes BARACK cues from Reagan , THAT have no doubt BARACK will win reelection in a landslide just like Reagan did . 
CURRENTPOSTID 886
Pass a big tax increase in his 3d year like Reagan did ? 
We can only hope Obama does n't follow Reagan 's example on the deficits . 
So far OBAMA is though . 
CURRENTPOSTID 887
If he had slashed tax rates , HE could get away with a small tax rate increase . 
Alas . 
Exactly which `` big tax increase '' are you referring to ? 
http:\/\/www.taxfoundation.org\/publications\/show\/151.html I love HTTP:\/\/WWW.TAXFOUNDATION.ORG\/PUBLICATIONS\/SHOW\/151.HTML when Barack supporters talk about responsible spending . 
: P 
CURRENTPOSTID 888
Unfortunately , unlike Reagan , we do n't have the luxury today -LRB- in large part because of REAGAN policies -RRB- of having a low debt to GDP ratio where WE can afford to triple the deficits and debt . 
Social Security in 1983 , and Deficit Reduction Act 1984 I agree . 
I supported Clinton because she was the one who was most serious about this issue and had the best plan to address the deficits . 
CURRENTPOSTID 889
ME do n't care what the economy is doing , it is never a good idea to try to spend your way into prosperity . 
Never . 
ME gave you a link to tax rates . 
ME believe you are confusing tax revenues with tax rates . 
Show me where personal income tax rates went up . 
ME 'm not saying they did n't . 
ME just ca n't find it . 
McCain may not have been a great candidate , but MCCAIN had far more credibility on the spending issue than any of the democrats . 
CURRENTPOSTID 890
I agree . 
IDEA can be a good idea to spend your way out of a recession\/depression cycle , however . 
I did n't say personal income tax rates went up . 
SS tax rates when up about 20 % , from 5 % to 6 % http:\/\/www.ssa.gov\/OACT\/ProgData\/taxRates.htmlThe 1984 act was a landry list of tax code changes . 
The effects are summarized here : http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/ReaganomicsThis link also notes a 1982 tax increase as well : http:\/\/www.capitalgainsandgames.com\/...-tax-increasesMcCain may not have been a great candidate , but CANDIDATE had far more credibility on the spending issue than any of the democrats . 
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 892
Really ? 
So in your mind , 15 % unemployment is preferable to a larger deficit and debt ? 
The largest problem with that argument , is that when you have a recession or a depression , you will lose large amounts of revenue anyways . 
You could say , we need to cut spending in response to those decreases in revenue , but that would lead to very undesirable economic outcomes . 
WE could also raise taxes to make up for the loss in revenue , again the problem is that will also lead to undesirable economic outcomes . 
So how do you deal with the problem ? 
The answer is , ANSWER is very difficult in WE current political climate . 
It is n't very difficult solution either , but political posturing makes sane economic decisions almost impossible . 
What some one with some knowledge of economics would say , is that you balance the budget over the business cycle , not on a year to year basis . 
Which means spending and tax policy should fluctuate . 
When their is a recession or a depression , you raise spending and cut taxes , which then stimulates the economy . 
When the economy is booming , you cut spending and raise taxes . 
The economy can handle those changes in times of prosperity , and then you make up for the deficits that are accrued during tough economic times . 
The problem is our economic policy is not particularly rational . 
Neither side ever cuts spending during good economic times , and Republicans oppose tax hikes at all times . 
That makes conducting policy in a reasonable way , meaning balancing the budget over the business cycle , almost impossible . 
Instead OUR have Republicans who want to cut taxes , without actually enacting spending cuts , all while the economy is strong . 
And democrats who want to raise taxes , but want to do so even when ECONOMY is economically inadvisable . 
ECONOMY is economic posturing , and ECONOMY is very bad for the country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 893
Nice leap of logic . 
I believe that Barack 's spending spree cost jobs and prevented growth . 
IMO , IMO has changed a slow recovery into a stagnate one . 
Do the math . 
CURRENTPOSTID 894
No , I am not making a leap in logic . 
I was asking you a hypothetical question . 
I was not claiming that without increased spending , we would have 15 &#37; unemployment , though I feel confident SPENDING would be higher . 
I am asking a simple hypothetical and philosophical question about the importance of combating unemployment measured against the importance of combating debt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 895
The question does not make sense . 
The spending bill hurt the recovery , IMO . 
CURRENTPOSTID 896
The question makes perfect sense . 
Despite your beliefs , the idea that government spending stimulates the economy is not very controversial among economists . 
It is widely accepted to be true -LRB- though a minority does exist that questions that fact -RRB- . 
You may believe that the stimulus did not do enough to justify STIMULUS 's costs , but to claim STIMULUS hurt recovery , is first of all unprovable , and second of all actually a leap of logic on your part . 
What evidence do you have to support your claim that the stimulus hurt the recovery ? 
What economic reasoning do you have , if no evidence exists ? 
Simply stating you believe something , without offering an explanation for why that belief exists , does not make much sense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 898
The only people guilty of fraud are the birther `` experts '' you follow . 
CURRENTPOSTID 899
Yeah , the only thing Obama is guilty of is war crimes , taking bribes , and violating the constitutional rights of Americans via domestic spying . 
God , if GONNA 're gonna hate and condemn the man , at least hate and condemn GOD for legitimate reasons . 
The whole problem is there has n't been any CHANGE . 
The only change is the change in your pocket that amounts to your life savings after being robbed by the capitalist class while Obama was picking REAGAN butt and being taught by Bill Clinton how to be the black Bill Clinton who REAGAN was the democratic Ronald Reagan . 
Real change would be De-Reaganization . 
CURRENTPOSTID 901
You clearly do not understand how the unemployment rate is determined . 
RATE has nothing to do with collecting unemployment benefits or not . 
RATE has to do with actively seeking employment vs not seeking employment . 
There are some people who do want to work , but are not seeking work , who are not in the work force , but how do you determine that number ? 
WORK is impossible , so basically you or some one else , just made that number up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 902
Frodly , there are people who believe that unemployment benefits are job creators too . 
Do I have to prove what a stupid idea that is too ? 
Some kinds of govt spending do stimulate the economy . 
I never said SPENDING could n't . 
Dollar for dollar , you ca n't beat DEFENSE spending for economic growth . 
Another nice thing about defense spending is that THING is actually authorized by the Constitution . 
I have no link to prove that the economy would be better off without the porkulus bill . 
You have no link to prove that the economy would be worse . 
I do n't see the point in butting heads . 
POINT 's bizarre that you say I opinion is unprovable , but yours is `` widely accepted to be true '' . 
You want economic reasoning ? 
How about human nature ? 
That money will have to come from somewhere , frodly . 
$ 800,000,000,000 . 
We all know where MONEY will have to come from . 
WE all know that budgets get bigger , not smaller . 
Economic growth comes from risks . 
There 's nothing in the porkulus bill that encourages risks . 
The sheer size of BILL discourages risk . 
SIZE 's human nature . 
Go ahead and ignore SIZE . 
Not I . 
CURRENTPOSTID 903
I have very simple economic reasoning to support I position . 
The current economic crisis is not a supply problem , CRISIS is a matter of insufficient demand . 
Government spending boosts aggregate demand , therefore boosting the economy . 
Not only that , but unemployment insurance undoubtedly stimulates the economy . 
There is no doubt that INSURANCE also offers a work disincentive , but in economic downturns , that disincentive is pretty irrelevant . 
People are not out of work at the moment , because PEOPLE get unemployment insurance , and therefore have no reason to look for work . 
PEOPLE are out of work , because the housing bubble burst , and we had a large economic downturn . 
Removing or reducing unemployment benefits might cause a few people to get jobs PEOPLE are most likely overqualified for , but the reality is WE would till have millions of people who can not find work !! 
What do you do with those people ? 
If the government gives PEOPLE unemployment benefits , PEOPLE will spend that money , thereby stimulating the economy . 
GOVERNMENT is n't that complicated either . 
Unemployed people use the income PEOPLE receive from the government , which then increases demand , consumption , etc. . 
Which then can create jobs . 
While there is strong evidence to suggest it is a disincentive to work , DISINCENTIVE also certainly creates jobs for others !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 905
Just posting some info . 
I never implied INFO to be gospel or a future prediction . 
CURRENTPOSTID 907
How did it costs jobs and prevent growth . 
If that money had not been distributed in hundreds of billions in tax cuts and funds for projects and governments , please explain your scenario of how there would be more employment and growth . 
CURRENTPOSTID 908
Are you just digging ? 
If you dispute the information , show INFORMATION to be wrong . 
You know , offer information . 
Like show how much BO has spent of the almost Trillion dollar stimulus and how much BO has not spent . 
You know , the money BO needed right away to stimulate the economy and hold the unemployment rate to 8 % . 
Yes to 8 % , LOL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 909
I did n't make the claim . 
Proof that he has spend almost a trillion in stimulus ? 
I do n't think PROOF is near that much . 
CURRENTPOSTID 910
Man , , if Obama is doing an impression of a sky diver holding a boulder than OBAMA is doing one hell of a good job ... LOLRemember folks , this is the man that was given a Nobel peace prize , and some University has OBAMA I believe 13 on FOLKS list of Great Presidents , that 's one above Reagan I believe ... LOLHow you get to be in that position and have well over half the country disagreeing with your two largest agendas -LRB- Health and immigration -RRB- I have no idea . 
Then again we still do not know why OBAMA received the Nobel Peace prize . 
Perhaps WE do know but rather not say ... All I know is if some couple has a purple child and becomes the first purple President than WE know where the next Nobel Peace prize will be going ... A sure winner \*\* 
CURRENTPOSTID 911
The govt spending money it does n't have is fake demand , frodly . 
MONEY 's like a middle-class guy going out and getting a Lamborghini . 
If that was true , why did n't the tax rebate create jobs ? 
Remember everybody got 300-600 ? 
Michelle Obama said once we bought earrings , ONCE would be gone . 
At least that money was supposedly going to disposable income . 
Unemployment benefits do not . 
This kind of thinking has got to stop . 
Real jobs are created by the private sector . 
The private sector is not evil . 
Make the argument all day long that unemployment helps people keep PEOPLE homes , but do n't believe ARGUMENT create jobs . 
I 'm out of words . 
Stop listening to those bozos and think . 
CURRENTPOSTID 912
But when the Govt spends , GOVT creates real jobs . 
Ask the hundreds of thousands that work in the military industry . 
CURRENTPOSTID 913
No you did n't . 
You just , typically , questioned the info without any rebuttal information . 
You are right , RIGHT is not that much . 
But that is why BO said BO needed the money right away , RIGHT ? 
To get the economy stimulated and hold unemployment to 8 % , RIGHT ? 
Of course ECONOMY was . 
A funny thing though , after getting BO `` stimulus '' passed right away , BO is still holding over half of the money . 
STIMULUS wonder why ? 
LOL . 
-LRB- not really -RRB- `` Stimulus Spending Update : $ 324 Billion of Recovery Act Funds SpentWed , 06\/30\/2010 - 15:00 adminRecovery Newsby Sebastian JonesThe Obama administration has spent close to $ 324 billion in stimulus funds , according to numbers from Recovery . 
gov. The latest total includes $ 205 billion in spending and $ 119 billion in tax cuts . 
Overall , just over 40 percent of the about $ 800 billion stimulus package has entered the economy . 
You can track stimulus spending by agency on our interactive Stimulus Progress Bar . 
YOU can also see how fast that money is moving out the door , by checking out OUR Stimulus Speed Chart . 
`` http:\/\/www.coalitionforanaccountable...-recovery-act - 
CURRENTPOSTID 914
Yeah , that 's the way WAY works . 
You make the claim you have the obligation to back WAY up , if you expect anyone to believe OBLIGATION . 
Thanks . 
I thought you were way off . 
CURRENTPOSTID 917
Well we somehow could afford the $ 10.6 trillion in debt run up by Republican policies prior to Obama taking office . 
So I think WE can afford a fraction more of that . 
But I certainly agree , Obama needs to raised taxes and trim spending to get the deficits down . 
CURRENTPOSTID 918
A little off topic but anyone who knows basic physics should get a kick out of that analogy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 919
You skipped over some of my posts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 920
I was only addressing your first point . 
But I comments on your second point are two :1 -RRB- You do n't know that the tax cuts did not create jobs . 
They may have created lots of jobs , :1 just that the number of jobs being lost from the recession was greater until recently .2 -RRB- Tax cuts wo n't create more jobs in the near term if those who receive the tax cuts do n't spend the money and instead save MONEY or use MONEY to pay down debt , as was happening in this recession . 
That 's why tax cuts are not a panacea and do n't work as well as direct spending for creating jobs in a recession . 
CURRENTPOSTID 921
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- That policy used to have more validity than VALIDITY does today . 
In years past , you would give money to the people and PEOPLE would spend YEARS on American products . 
That would create American jobs . 
Now when Americans spend money NOW stimulates the Chinese economy . 
The cycle now goes like this :1 -RRB- The American government borrows money from Social Security and gives GOVERNMENT to Americans .2 -RRB- Americans buy Asian cars and products .3 -RRB- Asian governments take the money and buy American TBills . 
Did you notice that the cycle begins and ends with a loan ? 
Harvard did a study recently that showed that none of the economic theories were based on any substantial fact . 
Tariffs are the only way to straighten out this mess . 
However , with the zillion pages of ` law ' about the ` free trade ' that were written and signed by both Bush and Clinton , I do n't think Obama could write a tariff law if OBAMA wanted to -LRB- Without starting WWIII -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 922
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- Not for record , the above statement was a formatting error from my previous post and not MY statementThat policy used to have more validity than VALIDITY does today . 
In years past , you would give money to the people and PEOPLE would spend YEARS on American products . 
That would create American jobs . 
Now when Americans spend money NOW stimulates the Chinese economy . 
The cycle now goes like this :1 -RRB- The American government borrows money from Social Security and gives GOVERNMENT to Americans .2 -RRB- Americans buy Asian cars and products .3 -RRB- Asian governments take the money and buy American TBills . 
Did you notice that the cycle begins and ends with a loan ? 
Harvard did a study recently that showed that none of the economic theories were based on any substantial fact . 
Tariffs are the only way to straighten out this mess . 
However , with the zillion pages of ` law ' about the ` free trade ' that were written and signed by both Bush and Clinton , MY do n't think Obama could write a tariff law if OBAMA wanted to -LRB- Without starting WWIII -RRB- . 
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- Only a relatively small amount goes overseas . 
The overall trade deficit is what , maybe half a trillion dollars out of a $ 14 trillion economy ? 
They tried higher tariffs in 1931 or 1932 . 
A world trade war in the midst of a recession is not widely viewed as a good idea . 
CURRENTPOSTID 923
Debt was $ 4 Trillion when Clinton took office . 
And $ 5.6 trillion when CLINTON left . 
$ 5.6 trillion when GWB took office and $ 10.0 trillion when CLINTON left . 
No argument , that was bad . 
Now NOW has surpassed $ 13 trillion . 
US know you will say NOW Bush 's fault , but your incompetent academic clown was elected to FIX not worsen . 
If BUSH only fault was spending , US 'd cut BUSH some slack . 
But besides the outrageous spending , BO has made our country an international JOKE . 
BO has ruined the auto industry . 
Will soon ruin the financial industry . 
Has bribed and coerced until BO got a law technically passed that will ruin the health care industry AND the insurance industry . 
Has ignored and violated long established bankruptcy laws . 
Desperately wants to cripple the energy industry . 
Has ZERO respect for any law , US or otherwise . 
He WILL raise taxes , HE WILL NOT cut spending -LRB- except defense spending , liberals ALWAYS do that -RRB- A brain damaged chimpanzee could have managed the BP spill better than BO has done . 
The only part of that mess BO thinks is a coup for BO is the $ 20 billion slush fund BO got LIBERALS to commit to . 
That should have gone through the courts . 
But BO cares nothing for the law . 
So no court involved , BP gives up $ 20 Billion . 
Why ? 
Because BO was ` silly putty ' in the hands of smart businessmen . 
Long before the meeting BUSINESSMEN decided how much BUSINESSMEN 'd go . 
Might have been $ 35 Billion . 
But BO said $ 20 B. Had BO demanded more than what BUSINESSMEN decided in advance BUSINESSMEN would have said , `` Good bye , See you in court ! 
`` Sues Az . 
for a law telling Az state officers to UPHOLD THE NATIONAL LAW . 
Does n't sue ` sanctuary cities ' that order law officers to VIOLATE the national immigration law . 
Passes on the walk-over prosecution of the new black panther voter intimidation indictments . 
-LRB- and lies about AND . -RRB- 
Produces a fraudulent document recommending a moratorium on offshore drilling . 
And does n't have the good sense to walk away from DOCUMENT when DOCUMENT is overturned and his appeal loses . 
HIS disassociation with reality will become legendary in history . 
And there is SO much more. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 
CURRENTPOSTID 925
10.6 , but close enough . 
Simplistic scapgoating for poltical purposes . 
Blaming Obama for the auto industry for example is just inane . 
CURRENTPOSTID 926
Most college students are in the work force because you are counted as a part of the labor force if you are over 16 and you are looking for a job . 
CURRENTPOSTID 927
A references please . 
This does not sound plausible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 929
http:\/\/www.investorglossary.com\/labor-force.htm 
CURRENTPOSTID 930
No rant , just reality . 
We have elected the worst POSSIBLE person as the President . 
Gore , Hillary , or Kerry would have been better . 
Instead WE elect a smooth talker with known corruption in GORE past and no known experience at anything except corrupt hardball politics and far left radicalism . 
History will prove TALKER . 
And Re : a post above , College students are NOT counted as part of the labor force . 
Add STUDENTS in and the unemployment rate would climb to 22 % to 25 % but that would be unfair to BO . 
The true numbers are indictment enough of BO inability to grasp reality . 
CURRENTPOSTID 931
Total US debt :01 \/ 16\/2009 10,628,881,485,510.23 Per US Treasury department . 
http:\/\/www.treasurydirect.gov\/NP\/NPGateway All right . 
US 'll call :01 opinionated blather instead of a rant . 
CURRENTPOSTID 932
That is silly ! 
To disbelieve everyone without any proof ? 
Well , not THAT ! 
If THAT plan on challenging someone THAT show them why THAT have a challenge , with data\/facts . 
Not just some baiting question ! 
THAT was not off . 
CHALLENGE is just as THAT said . 
CURRENTPOSTID 933
Suit yourself . 
If I make an assertion of fact , I back ASSERTION up if someone asks . 
If someone makes a claim I think is dubious and they ca n't back CLAIM up with a source , that does n't convince I . 
Maybe CLAIM does you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 934
You must be joking ? 
Do you think the the Department of Labor uses some goofy blog for determining the range and qualifications of workers in the US ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 935
Well figuring the earth is covered by some 70 % ocean Id say he 'd be in a heap a trouble ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 936
What a hoot ! 
So you think asking a `` baited '' question is backing up something ? 
Yeah right ! 
Check out debate 101 ! 
LOL . 
YOUR offer few points . 
But plenty of baited questions . 
WTG with your -LRB- non -RRB- info ... ... LOL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 937
Uh , no , I do n't think that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 938
LOL , well you do n't ! 
You just ask baiting questions ! 
Time and again . 
Post after post . 
You know everyone here is correct until proven incorrect . 
Unless BAITER are a BAITER ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 939
I do n't ? 
Feel free to demonstrate your not just blowing smoke out of your ass by citing some of I posts were someone asked I to back up a factual assertions I made and I did n't do FEEL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 940
You post baiting question , after baiting question . 
I probably can post 50 . 
Just from the `` states posting surpluses '' thread alone . 
LOL . 
You really do not post much more than baiting questions . 
Facts are facts . 
You do not seem to have them . 
Just the history of your posts dude . 
LOL . 
Even you can not dispute that . 
LOL . 
But I hope your handlers still pay you . 
HANDLERS must find some value -LRB- entertainment -RRB- in your nonsense . 
As we have seen , most here do not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 941
You post baiting question , after baiting question . 
I probably can post 50 . 
Just from the `` states posting surpluses '' thread alone . 
LOL . 
You really do not post much more than baiting questions . 
Facts are facts . 
You do not seem to have them . 
Just the history of your posts dude . 
LOL . 
Even you can not dispute that . 
LOL . 
But I hope your handlers still pay you . 
HANDLERS must find some value -LRB- entertainment -RRB- in your nonsense . 
As we have seen , most here do not . 
You do n't have to post 50 examples of I posts were someone asked I to back up a factual assertions I made and I did n't do 50 . 
Just shoot for , say , 3 . 
Just to show everyone on the board that your posts are n't simply baiting . 
CURRENTPOSTID 942
sigh ... http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/cps\/cps_htgm.htm#conceptsI really get tried of doing people 's basic research for PEOPLE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 943
That link is BS . 
The only time I 've been asked those questions -LRB- in the link -RRB- is while I 'm receiving unemployment compensation . 
Period . 
Once unemployment compensation ends , I 'm considered out of the work force . 
Period . 
End of valid argument . 
CURRENTPOSTID 946
So you would love one party rule too ?? 
CURRENTPOSTID 948
A poll of voters released today . 
The question , In the NEXT -LRB- 2012 -RRB- Presidential election , would you vote for Obama or `` A Republican . '' 
Not this Republican or that Republican , just `` A Republican . 
`` The result ? 
A Republican 42 % Obama 37 % obummer , can not even beat a ` generic ' Republican . 
YOU 'd bet if OBUMMER was against , `` Another Democrat ? '' 
obummer would lose that one too . 
Had they asked , `` An Independent ? 
`` obummer would have gotten blown off the board . 
CURRENTPOSTID 950
And the kicker is right now , the tide is favoring the GOP retaking at least the House in November , and not just the so-called `` establishment '' RINO Republicans , but far more Conservative Republicans to boot ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 951
http:\/\/www.politifact.com\/truth-o-meter\/promises\/ Many websites show how MAN is doing and what MAN has managed . 
Look at MAN website , or the website I previously posted , or the library of Congress 's website . 
This is and always has been Democratic policy . 
Again , always has been Democratic policy , THIS saying MAN 's a bad man for following MAN own party 's policy . 
Before MAN was elected , President Bush increased our debt to 10.3 trillion , today TRILLION is 13 trillion ... far less increase . 
The only way OUR can be sure of that , is come November 2012 , otherwise OUR must assume that MAN is working with the backing of the majority of the American people . 
By allowing Arizona to pass stricter immigration laws ? 
Again , debatable , if you can name a few , I 'd be happy to debate FEW with you . 
MAN actually has much better foreign diplomacy than OUR previous president , strengthening OUR claim in the UN and NATO and shifted OUR war to the homeland of OUR true enemy , rather than deceiving OUR into continuing a war previously though over . 
Again , check the above website . 
CURRENTPOSTID 952
They get THEY news from Faux News , where everything is coming up roses for the right-wing - no such thing as reality for THEY . 
THEY insensitivity to others is amazing - and I hope the Dems are able to capitalize on how the Republicans always seem to be on the side of the wealthy , the corporations and how little WEALTHY care about Americans . 
That THEY do n't want to extend unemployment benefits to those that are hurting and accusing THEY of not looking for jobs , is just heartless . 
A real eye-opener for most everyone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 953
I do n't like how the Republicans have been acting - they do n't deserve to be given control . 
CURRENTPOSTID 954
Was this a poll done by Faux News ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 956
He has not been transparent . 
Only when pressured to do so . 
This is why they need to be booted out of office . 
Just wait : http:\/\/blog.heritage.org\/2010\/02\/05\/...s-in-pictures\/ HCR was shoved thru with the majority of Americans opposing Obamacare . 
Even now , a majority of Americans want NOW repealed . 
OBAMACARE did n't allow this . 
OBAMACARE is suing to block the Arizona law . 
Janet Napolitano , Obama 's DOHS Secretary , has weakened border security . 
HCR . 
Cap & Trade . 
Amnesty . 
Oh yeah , HCR is making friends all over the world . 
You have n't been paying attention . 
Quit watching MSLSD . 
CURRENTPOSTID 958
You do realize the site you just called BS is the site for the Bureau of Labor Statistics right ? 
In otherwords you just said the government agency responsible for counting unemployment rates is wrong about how unemployment rates are counted . 
Do you enjoy being laughably wrong ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 959
NO , it was NOT a FOX News poll . 
FOX news , that you mindless liberals love to call Faux News , is burying what used to be the main stream media . 
FOX continues to rise in ratings -LRB- even before BO -RRB- while NBC , CNN , ABC , and CBS plummet . 
FOX is now the premier news source of the USA . 
You might want to watch and find out what is REALLY going on . 
FOX presents news , not news they like or dislike , THE NEWS . 
The old , tired , failing , networks are now nothing but advertising agencies for the liberal left . 
THEY no longer KNOW what news is , and THEY ca n't figure out why THEY are failing across the board . 
Watch FOX and you 'll be shocked to find that Bill O'Rielly is as strong an Obama defender as ANYONE in the old media . 
From the beginning of the BHO reign , O'Rielly has constantly said , `` Wait and see . '' 
`` Give FOX a chance . '' 
`` Obama is a very smart man . 
`` On the other hand , Glenn Beck thinks and says BHO is a horror . 
That is presenting 2 sides of a story . 
Throughout the broadcast day FOX has on STAUNCH Democrats and near and far left liberals . 
FAR give FAR a pulpit and let FAR present FAR ideology . 
The lamestream media USED to do that , now FAR do n't . 
On Glenn Beck , , , , , No one in the administration , or on the left has PROVED anything that Beck says to be a lie . 
And BECK challenges FAR all to do so regularly . 
The left CLAIMS BECK 's lying , but not once have FAR been able to say , `` Here is the fact proving Beck was lying . '' 
Beck PROVES the administration is lying on an almost daily basis . 
FOX presents BOTH sides , the rest present the liberal view ONLY . 
FOX prospers , the rest slowly sink . 
Keep calling them Faux News , THEM are laughing at your foolishly closed mind . 
CURRENTPOSTID 960
support your opinion please sir . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 961
Even though these websites are run by his own personal staff or were set up before HIS even took office . 
Also , how could there be so much criticism of President Obama if OBAMA was n't transparent . 
because they disagree with your budgetary policies ? 
Besides the fact that you 're quoting an opinion blog , you should really read the article . 
FACT says OBAMA programs would push us $ 2.5 trillion dollars deeper into debt by 2020 . 
In 8 years President Bush dropped US $ 10.3 trillion into debt . 
Again , not a comparison . 
HCR was passed through according to what 8 promised at the beginning of 8 campaign . 
You 're claiming 8 's a bad person for sticking to 8 promises . 
If 8 really wanted to block BEGINNING 8 could 've issued a presidential executive order . 
One speech , law 's out . 
HCR followed 'S promises 'S made during 'S campaign . 
Cap and Trade is designed to get us off foreign oil dependency . 
I thought thats what the majority of people wanted 'S never actually pardoned anybody . 
'S threatened too , but never did . 
Yah , YAH is = -RRB- Haha you have trouble distinguishing an independent from a democrat . 
I watch Fox News , I also watch CNN , and do internet research . 
CURRENTPOSTID 962
Just read the posts on this forum . 
CURRENTPOSTID 963
He has not been transparent . 
That is why HE gets the criticism . 
The Dems want to spend , spend , spend and tax , tax , tax . 
I disagree with that . 
HCR was not passed , DEMS was shoved through . 
The majority of folks opposed DEMS . 
Link : http:\/\/www.rasmussenreports.com\/publ...th_care_reform He would get too much heat for that . 
That is why HTTP:\/\/WWW.RASMUSSENREPORTS.COM\/PUBL...TH_CARE_REFORM is going through the courts . 
Obamacare is opposed by the majority of Americans . 
Cap & Trade will not reduce our dependency . 
It is only another tax that will hurt companies , consumers , and OUR economy . 
OBAMACARE is still not finished with trying to push through amnesty for illegals . 
What a joke . 
Then you had better start digesting the information because you are coming to false conclusions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 964
And that 's exactly why you know how HCR was `` pushed through '' and all about the new Cap and Trade bill and about Immigration . 
Because THAT government is n't transparent ? 
And that 's your right , do n't discredit a man by calling MAN unamerican because you disagree with MAN . 
RIGHT will dwarf RIGHT ? 
Your blaming President Obama for something that President Bush started . 
And as you 've seen , by your own website , President Obama 's spending plan will greatly minimize the rate of increase of our debt : the first step to decreasing WEBSITE . 
I can not deny , that by your website , most Americans are against WEBSITE . 
Please explain how HCR is pushed through when everybody but the President dislikes DISLIKES . 
http:\/\/www.sightline.org\/research\/en...FRpTgwodfnN3gg DISLIKES not a tax . 
HTTP:\/\/WWW.SIGHTLINE.ORG\/RESEARCH\/EN...FRPTGWODFNN3GG a government implanted business regulation . 
Hmmm and yet HMMM not in the headlines any more ... The false conclusion that I have some trust in our President ? 
And actually back PRESIDENT ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 965
I find out how this crap is on the table , and how bad CRAP is through the outlets that I watch\/listen to - not Obama or Congress . 
Their goal is to keep us all in the dark and pass this destructive legislation with midnight\/weekend votes . 
Obama is un-American because OBAMA is systematically destroying US Constitution and US liberties . 
Yes , Obama will dwarf Bush 's contributions to US deficit . 
THEIR will be record levels . 
Democrats have no backbone , except the ones that voted against BACKBONE . 
ONES accepted back-door deals from Obama , or were otherwise pressured into voting for BACKBONE . 
ONES were sacrificed for the sake of Obamacare . 
Businesses that have to pay additional if ONES exceed ONES credits , are essentially paying an energy tax . 
ONES will recoup ONES money by passing additional costs to the consumer . 
The price of products and services will go up . 
Our energy consumption will not decrease . 
Cap and Trade : Will CAP Save the Earth ? 
http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=LPPVDOpFCIA CAP will be if the MSM covers MSM . 
Hopefully , you will see the light . 
CURRENTPOSTID 966
And where do your outlets get it from ? 
Oh right , Obama and Congress . 
How else are they to be transparent , you want THEY to walk up to every person 's door and explain every point of THEY policy ? 
The very thing that criticizes THEY , THEY must depend on for being transparent . 
So far you have no proof to this . 
He has offered no change to our Constitution and has n't removed a single liberty . 
The website YOU posted already disproved this fact . 
So HE convinced all the spineless Democrats to vote for Obamacare . 
Yet there were some that voted against OBAMACARE . 
With a need for a majority to pass Obamacare , and a Republican controlled Congress , how exactly was this forced through , with the full weight of R 's against THIS and some D 's as well ? 
Then FAULT is not the President 's fault . 
PRESIDENT has performed a measure that would be effective for decreasing energy consumption and also gain the government some more income . 
FAULT is the companies ' fault for not following the set limit . 
... what ? 
Are you really trying to counter argue with simply saying a news media will report news ? 
That just simply made my head hurt ... MY have , HURT 's quite dark , African American in fact ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 969
It is long because IT has to be . 
We see how the Constitution and Bill of Rights are extensively malleable and dependent on someone 's perception . 
If a bill passes now-a-days , BILL must be watertight to avoid such flexibility , and that makes a bill long . 
As for the loopholes , in any bill , there are compromises . 
With a bill as controversial as this one and enacted right after a very tense and violent campaign , Congressmen are likely to compromise over the bill . 
Also CONGRESSMEN add unneeded amendments and money spending called pork barrel . 
This is done mainly by those who are against the bill in hopes of getting THIS voted down . 
You are generally insulting an entire government , simply because GOVERNMENT opposition put up a fight . 
CURRENTPOSTID 970
Did you know that if you went to the library of Congress you can read every single bill that is currently being voted on ? 
Also you can analyze who put LIBRARY up for vote , where LIBRARY is in the voting process , how many nays and ayes there are currently for CURRENTLY , who wrote CURRENTLY and which party they are , when CURRENTLY was introduced , which companies\/people are backing the bill , which committee the bill is under , who heads that committee , what that persons political stance on the bill is , how much this bill will cost , who will be paying for COMMITTEE , and approximately how long CURRENTLY will be till CURRENTLY takes effect . 
Just because President Obama does n't force Congress to give a daily televised speech on the thousands of bills that pass through CONGRESS , does n't mean that CONGRESS is not becoming more transparent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 971
Barack once promised that every non-emergency bill to come before BARACK would be posted on the WH site for 5 days before BARACK signed SITE . 
Took BARACK about one week to break that promise . 
BARACK 's broken ABOUT numerous times since . 
For that matter , has BARACK ever put even one bill on the WH website 5 days before signing MATTER ? 
Kinda funny watching that video NOW . 
I do n't think KINDA 's a big deal that BARACK does n't post bills for public input . 
BARACK does n't give a crap what people say anyway . 
CURRENTPOSTID 972
Kinda funny that people believed he would have time to and that people find TIME prudent to look on the executive branch 's website for a legislative matter . 
CURRENTPOSTID 973
So you knew he was lying ? 
Have you ever looked ? 
HE does post bills there . 
Just not for 5 days . 
CURRENTPOSTID 974
No , I did n't , but NO like getting a great dinner and complaining you did n't get desert . 
Good for him ! 
I 'm glad HIM does , just wondering why people truly expect an executive website to be solely responsible for reports on legislative matters . 
CURRENTPOSTID 975
From inauguration , BO had total control of both the House and Senate . 
The Democrats could pass any bill they wished in a totally partisan manner . 
The Republicans could grumble , but were powerless to stop or even delay , any legislation from day one . 
Yet DAY took BO over a year to pass BO signature Health Care bill . 
And to pass DAY , a number of DEMOCRATS had to be bribed and coerced and promised who knows what as a group of them SUDDENLY decided to vote for the HCR and RETIRE . 
Net result is a bill that only messes up the health care system and will likely forever change health care insurance , and not for the better . 
That is not good Government . 
The PEOPLE said PEOPLE did NOT want that Health Care bill . 
And now The People say PEOPLE want the bill repealed and a real bi-partisan bill worked out . 
BO refused to listen , then and now ! 
The people WILL speak in November and BO will be forced to listen as BO becomes essentially a lame duck halfway through BO ONLY term . 
CURRENTPOSTID 976
Republicans have just as much right in Congress to fillibuster , pork barrel , amend , and debate the hell out of any bill , which is probably what happened to this bill . 
As for bribery and all these other ridiculous claims , has anyone had charges brought against them ? 
Anyone been sued ? 
Anyone confronted with evidence ? 
Or are these innocuous claims thrown out into the public for the benefit of our great and benevolent leader ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 977
Try this . 
YES voted for President Obama . 
On one hand OBAMA is too liberal for YES , and on the other too conservative . 
OBAMA is too conservative because OBAMA let Wall Street walk all over OBAMA , when YES was expecting OBAMA to kick some corporate ass . 
OBAMA is too liberal for YES because OBAMA sent the Attorney General to Arizona to sue and stop the Arizona immigration law . 
The border is out of control , and Obama should be trying to work with Governor Jan Brewer to clean up the criminal illegal alien and anchor baby mess . 
OBAMA did get health care passed which was a major issue for YES . 
Will YES vote for President Obama again ? 
YES answered `` yes , '' because YES believe Obama\/Biden will see the light with the help of American labor when OBAMA\/BIDEN comes to the issue of illegals . 
If OBAMA does not , YES may shop around . 
Under no circumstances will YES vote for Sarah Palin for political office . 
She is simply incompetent . 
Some YES know are talking of not voting at all . 
YES used to think that was wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 978
They were supposed to televise all the HCR debates on C-SPAN and post the bills with sufficient time for the American People to see THEY . 
THEY did not do this . 
THEY finally started to post some items , but with only a few days til voting . 
Not enough time . 
VOTING 's a work in progress . 
HCR is one example . 
He has appointed two judges to the Supreme Court who can not uphold the Constitution , and will legislate from the bench . 
You 're misreading TWO apparently then . 
Quit looking at TWO upside down . 
You apparently did n't watch the video . 
You lost me on this one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 979
The most that the Executive branch can do is open the court doors to the media , they can not force THEY to come and people to watch . 
In fact much of the time FACT WAS televised on C-Span but THEY promised live coverage and votes were being done at unreasonable hours . 
I believe he promised w \/ in 5 days , aka a few days . 
And you 're saying it is n't THEY right to do so ? 
I 'm confused , you seem to believe that the President has enormous legislative power , and yet the judicial branch has none . 
I did more than look at the graph , I read the referenced article and hmm : '' -LRB- Raise -RRB- the publicly held national debt to over $ 18 trillion . '' 
GRAPH was at $ 10.3 trillion dollars when handed over to PRESIDENT ... seems that PRESIDENT clocks in at $ 8 trillion , significantly less than our warmongering previous leader . 
As of 2010 you 're quite right . 
But what of PRESIDENT first two years ? 
You are quite right , I did not . 
I refuse to let somebody let something else debate for them . 
If you wish to quote the video and reference VIDEO , fine . 
I was arguing that the President had given up on PRESIDENT attempts , and backed VIDEO up by saying it was so high profile VIDEO would still be in the news if PRESIDENT were still trying . 
And you said yes YES would be if MSM covered YES ... ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 980
Whatever . 
Obama was less than sincere on OBAMA promise to be transparent . 
Obama apparently has a lot of influence on OBAMA herd of sheep in Congress . 
The SCOTUS is supposed to interpret the law and abide by our Constitution . 
They can not legislate nor re-write the Constitution in THEY actions . 
Where do you come up with $ 10.3 trillion for Bush ? 
Article from 2009 : http:\/\/content.usatoday.com\/communit...10\/620000005\/1Another: http:\/\/www.cbsnews.com\/8301-503544_1...97-503544.html Both Houses of Congress have been under Dem control since Obama took office . 
ARTICLE 's informative . 
You can learn from ARTICLE . 
However , in a nutshell : Cap & Trade = Massive Energy Tax . 
Article : http:\/\/online.wsj.com\/article\/SB123655590609066021.html He is still pushing for Cap & Trade . 
ARTICLE just has another name nowadays : American Power Act . 
CURRENTPOSTID 981
And yet he 's fulfilled it . 
The ruling of the Supreme Court has the same weight as our written Constitution , and under activist judges , the Supreme court has seen fit to interpret laws in quite a liberal fashion . 
These interpretations include Roe v Wade with the creation of the law that a women has a right to control her own body , and Gibbons v Ogden and the widening of the meaning of `` interstate commerce '' to mean pretty much anything that passed between states , including people . 
http:\/\/www.cbsnews.com\/8301-500803_1...28-500803.html&quot;In fact WADE was just two months ago , on July 30 , that President Bush signed the Housing and Economic Recovery Act , which contained a provision raising the debt ceiling to $ 10.615 trillion `` Sorry , ROE underestimated . 
This website also shows that the bailout was legislation started and pushed through by Bush , not Obama Actually in the 2007 - 09 years , there was an equal Senate with two Libertarians , effectively a Republican controlled Senate . 
Mind you this was the year that HCR passed . 
So let ROE get this straight . 
Cap and Trade is a limit put on companies and if those companies exceed those limits that have to pay a fee . 
CAP is not a tax . 
Too bad we were n't talking about that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 983
Obama will not go down in history as the worst president in history , I am pretty sure George W Bush Jr. will beat Obama by a landslide on this one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 984
they both have to beat Franklin PierceJimmy CarterJames BuchananHerbert Hooverwe wont truly know the impact of Obamas presidency for a few more years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 985
Not technically a tax . 
WE will pay a fine for over use of carbon . 
That extra cost will be reflected in higher prices we all , including the poorest among us , will get to pay . 
And there is no possible argument that the increased cost will not be passed on to the consumers -LRB- US ! -RRB- 
ORCompanies will go to an energy exchange company , like CCX , and TRADE carbon credits after ORCOMPANIES have exceeded ORCOMPANIES CAP . 
CCX stands to make Billions off a CAP & TRADE law . 
And big surprise , who was very involved in the financing and establishment of the CCX ? 
And sharing in those BILLIONS will be a private citizen that helped establish the CCX . 
CITIZEN name is B. H. Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 986
Far from it . 
You 're delusional on this one . 
They are supposed to interpret the Constitution and rule by CONSTITUTION , not change CONSTITUTION . 
Bush certainly had BUSH spending problems , no doubt , but Obama is going to town on spending - Vegas style . 
The Senate was not controlled by the Republicans . 
The House was controlled by the Dems . 
The House essentially passed the bill with HOUSE Democratic majority . 
The Senate just had to vote on a reconciliatory package , where they only needed 51 votes . 
Call SENATE what you want . 
SENATE 's a tax , and SENATE will hit us all as THEY pass the extra costs to the consumer . 
SENATE 's all the same thing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 987
I suppose your suggestion is Palin ? 
BwahahaAnd you think ONES are the ones that need mental treatment . 
CURRENTPOSTID 988
A poll last week pitted BO against ANY Republican . 
BO lost by 5 percentage points to ANY Republican . 
Now that 's Bwahaha 
CURRENTPOSTID 989
According to this list , Carter was ranked # 32 while Geroge Bush came in at # 37 ! 
Carter is listed as an-also-ran while George Bush is listed as one of the worst . 
http:\/\/www.timesonline.co.uk\/tol\/new...cle5029204.eceAccording to this list of 10 worst , neither Carter nor Bush made LIST , but Nixon did # 9 - I noticed you did n't list NIXON ? 
http:\/\/listverse.com\/2007\/11\/06\/top-...us-presidents\/But to really burst your bubble ! 
Survey of historians : Obama the 15th greatest president of all timePOSTED AT 8:28 PM ON JULY 1 , 2010 BY ALLAHPUNDIT A solid B + ? 
In office for barely two years , Obama entered the survey in the 15th position two spots behind Bill Clinton and three spots ahead of Ronald Reagan . 
Obama got high marks for intelligence , ability to communicate and imagination , but OBAMA score was dragged down by OBAMA relative lack of experience and family background -LRB- T -RRB- OBAMA scholars rated Dubya a dud as a president , ranking DUBYA in the bottom five at 39th place Bush got docked for saddling Obama with two bloody wars and a recession , and OBAMA got low marks for ability to compromise , foreign policyaccomplishments and intelligence , according to the survey . 
Only Warren G. Harding , who was 41st on the list , scored lower in the intelligence category . 
http:\/\/hotair.com\/archives\/2010\/07\/0...t-of-all-time\/A new poll of leading presidential scholars ranks Barack Obama as the 15th best president of the United States , just below Bill Clinton but ahead of Ronald Reagan . 
Read more : http:\/\/www.politico.com\/news\/stories...#ixzz0uRbK7XXA 
CURRENTPOSTID 990
Was that a Faux News poll or at one of the Tea Parties ? 
Bwahahaha ! 
Survey Ranks Obama 15th Best President , Bush Among WorstFormer President George W. Bush is in the bottom 5By MALLIE JANE KIMPosted : July 2 , 2010President Obama ranks 15th out of 44 in a poll of the best and worst presidents while former President George W. Bush earns a place in the bottom five , according to the Siena College Research Institute 's recent survey of 238 presidential scholars released Thursday . 
-LRB- See a slide show of the 10 Worst Presidents . -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 991
Was that a Faux News poll or at one of the Tea Parties ? 
Bwahahaha ! 
The ONLY answer you liberals seem to be able to conjure up and ANSWER is incorrect . 
Not a FAX News poll or a tea party poll . 
An independent poll . 
MJ KIM a liberal left wing writer . 
Her opinion is supposed to mean something ? 
Not to anyone rational . 
CURRENTPOSTID 992
YES said `` yes . '' 
Because you see the right can not think for RIGHT . 
Whatever the Fox talking points are for the day , you push DAY in here . 
YES voted for Obama because YES wanted the health care reform , and YES am very happy . 
Obama is down in the polls because of unemployment . 
Unless the Republicans can come up with a few million jobs before the November election , the Democrats will stay in charge . 
YES God your party does not even have a leader ! 
People are running around yelling ` Neocon , ' ` Libertarian , ' or ` Tea Bagger ! ' 
Republicans are a mess and on the brink of shutting down . 
Sarah Palin indeed ! 
See , YES can make up YES mind for YES . 
YES differ from the main stream of the Democratic Party and support the Arizona immigration law . 
Myself and other Dems do not want to get too close because the idiot Tea Baggers who have covered the issue with racist stink , which we will not tolerate . 
And , the fact that your point man , Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County , -LRB- Phoenix -RRB- , treats ARPAIO prisoners with `` cruel and unusual punishment , '' and is thoroughly corrupt , does not offer the left the confidence WE are looking for . 
Unless Arizona gets the Arizona immigration law OUT of bungler Joe Arpio 's hands and under the control of Governor Jan Brewer , the whole thing will go down the toilet . 
If that happens the Dems will pick up some seats in Congress . 
Another Republican disgrace like John McCain or George Bush . 
Now , where did historicus leave off ? 
Oh , yes someone needs mental treatment . 
YES think you are correct . 
Start with the RNC . 
CURRENTPOSTID 993
i did get number 2 and 3 though . 
. 
I completely forgot about hardings corrupt admin . 
CURRENTPOSTID 994
I ca n't quote all your statements since you posted it kinda weird but I 'll do I best . 
President Bush was also notorious for keeping the Iraq War off the books , which kept the numbers lower . 
And yes I can , Bush increased NOTORIOUS 71.9 % over FOUR years , this report was only on BUSH second term , considering we actually had a surplus after Clinton . 
Obama has increased NOTORIOUS a little under 40 % in two years , so a little over Bush , I mistake . 
As for the second : http:\/\/www.infoplease.com\/ipa\/A0774721.htmlAnd those higher prices will drive consumers , hopefully , to those companies who can stay under CONSUMERS limit . 
Therefore the responsible companies will rise to the top . 
Oh please , Presidents use PRESIDENTS position to gain money all the time for PRESIDENTS constituents , like any politician . 
What about Bush hiring Cheney 's company to fight the war in Iraq ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 995
Well that debate was effectively ended . 
By interpreting the Constitution , they essentially change CONSTITUTION . 
THEY can change the meanings of the laws . 
CONSTITUTION called an activist court . 
And yet most of the debt currently attributed to Obama , came from Bush 's stimulus package . 
`` By 2020 , the annual deficit as a percentage of GDP will be 5.6 % , according to the CBO . 
The White House estimates HOUSE will be 4.2 % . 
`` If you read farther into the article YOU would notice that ARTICLE shows when Obama was confronted with the projections YOU mentioned OBAMA : `` has created a fiscal advisory commission to recommend ways lawmakers can get annual deficits down to 3 % of GDP by 2015 . '' 
http:\/\/www.infoplease.com\/ipa\/A0774721.htmlOkay how a bill works is this , both chambers vote on an identical versions of a bill , YOU each make YOU own amendments and changes and then YOU switch , and each chamber changes the other version . 
If , at the end , the two versions are n't the same , YOU get called into a conference where a unanimous vote is needed to get VOTE passed . 
Also , a majority vote is needed to make any changes . 
So while the Dems may have had control in the House , YOU would need control in the Senate to `` push the bill through '' without a good amount of help from the Repubs . 
Not to mention the fact that , as you claimed , many Dems voted against FEE . 
FEE 's not a tax . 
FEE 's a fee under circumstances . 
A tax is forced , a fee is optional . 
Yes , Cap and Trade is exactly the same as amnesty for Immigrants . 
CURRENTPOSTID 996
Yes , with the conclusion that Obama has n't been very transparent . 
OBAMA is only being forced to be more transparent now from pressure to do so , but OBAMA certainly was n't in the first 18 months of OBAMA Presidency . 
Interpreting the Constitution does NOT imply changing the Constitution . 
The SCOTUS is NOT supposed to be activist . 
They are the Judicial Branch , not the Legislative Branch . 
You are talking about `` annual deficit '' numbers . 
The `` national debt '' is still projected to be 90 % of GDP by 2020 . 
The 111th Congress voted on HCR . 
There were 57 Democratic Senators . 
All SENATORS needed was 51 votes for reconciliation . 
If SENATORS exceed SENATORS caps , SENATORS will be subject to the fees , which are mandatory at that point , not optional . 
It is essentially a tax on over-production that will be passed on to the consumer via goods and services . 
Apparently , we were not on the same page with this one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 997
And what did the health insurance debacle actually do for you ? 
What DEBACLE did for me is cut medicare spending on dialysis . 
Thanks obamination , peeelooosiii and that dickwart reid . 
Has anyone seen a list of which traitors cheered that mexican dirt bag that chastised us in US house ? 
ME think LIST 's important to know exactly who is a treasonous POS . 
Besides obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 998
From the same article : The CBO cited two big contributors to the jump in debt . 
One is the president 's proposal to extend the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts for the majority of Americans . 
The other is the proposal to protect middle - and upper-middle-income families from having to pay the Alternative Minimum Tax -LRB- AMT -RRB- . 
Together those proposals would cost $ 3 trillion between 2011 and 2020 . 
The biggest causes for the projected increase in deficits are maintaining tax cuts . 
In spite of his promise , Obama should follow Clinton 's proposal and just repeal the Bush tax cuts in FAMILIES entirety . 
Or HIS has to compensate for keeping a portion of FAMILIES with higher taxes on the wealthy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1000
VETERAN am a veteran and while VETERAN am grateful for the VA healthcare system if this is a preview of socialized medicine we are all gonna die sick . 
VETERAN have been waiting over a year on a revision of VETERAN total replacement . 
To VETERAN horror HORROR has become infected which means if VETERAN do not lose VETERAN entire leg HORROR will highly complicate the procedure as well as make HORROR much more expensive -LRB- nearly three times what THREE would have cost if VETERAN would of had the op in a timely fashion -RRB- . 
At least the VA not mandatory forcing VETERAN a so called free man in a so called free country to buy insurance for sub par medical procedures if and when VETERAN get INFECTED . 
What a atrocity the health care bill is ! 
Not just the idea of socialization medicine but the draconian way the totalitarian powers that be forced IDEA on a disproving nation . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1001
1 . 
.2 was n't MJ Kim 's opinion , but 238 Presidential scholars .2 . 
You did n't show any proof that MJ Kim was a liberal writer .3 . 
Since she did n't make up the list , but just reported on LIST , does LIST really matter ? 
4 . 
SHE opinion matters to those of rational minds - ergo , your comments . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1002
Scholars = liberals . 
Which is exactly why BO is f \*\*\* ing up so much . 
BO has no practical experience at anything but elections . 
So BO must refer to books to find any ideas . 
If BO calls in an `` expert , '' EXPERIENCE is an academic . 
Equally lacking in anything but book knowledge . 
Leadership is not in a book . 
So BO is lost in the job that is way over BO head . 
BO forte , elections , is why in this troubled time , BO just keeps on making campaign speeches , trying to get elected to the job BO already has and can not handle . 
Did you take note of the poll results ? 
65 % against BO . 
That is reflective of the USA , not just this poll . 
The dummy must be voted out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1003
Tax relief for Americans is a good thing in times of economic hardship , not tax increases . 
Do n't worry , you 'll be able to pay more in taxes soon , starting 1\/1\/2011 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1006
If only you could vote twice too eh ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1007
He 's a Dem . 
HE probably did !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1008
Republican\/conservative rhetoric not substantiated with facts other than the same BS being spewed on Faux News , repeated by the parrot sheeple . 
Obama has more knowledge than Bush , Chaney and McCain put together and cons ca n't stand the fact that we now have a President that can actually make a cohesive sentence and pronounce words accurately . 
Keep fooling yourself , and when November comes around you can continue saying `` wait till next time '' ! 
Bwahahaha ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1009
Liberals continue the nonsense of living in the past and comparing obummer with Bush , Cheney , or whomever . 
Conservative INDEPENDENTS as HE am compare obummer to reality . 
And the reality is that he CAN orate well , stop . 
But that 's REALITY . 
Other than being capable of reading a teleprompter extremely well , he brings no skills to the job . 
If your vision was not obscured by ideology , you would be able to see that . 
In 1.5 years 1.5 has passed by parliamentary trick a health care bill the the COUNTRY does not want and Financial reform that was also NOT wanted AND NOT NEEDED . 
And a Stimulus bill that DID NOT WORK . 
1.5 has made the US a non-leader internationally and a world-wide joke . 
1.5 has committed a protocol GAFF in each and every meeting with a foreign official . 
In the BP disaster , 1.5 took over 60 days to START to get involved . 
Other than using the spill to forge a document and defraud Congress and the American people by 1.5 drilling moratorium which was NOT RECOMMENDED by the experts that obummer and the Interior Sec . 
said PEOPLE did . 
Both should be indited for lying to Congress . 
On immigration , 1.5 ignores the many cities VIOLATING Federal law , AND SUES THE STATE OF AZ . 
that is attempting to assist the Feds , as Federal law suggests . 
And 1.5 now has unemployment benefits up to 123 weeks with no way to pay that bill . 
1.5 and other conservative Independents could fill enough pages to rival a liberal Congressional bill just listing the errors of commission and omission by this obviously incompetent clown . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1011
Nationally , Liberals are down to 20 % . 
Conservatives and relatively conservative Independents make up the rest of the country . 
In less than a year , the country SAW what liberal political control was and we did n't like YEAR at all . 
YEAR is too expensive and does n't work . 
Liberalism sounds wonderful , but IS completely impractical . 
And YEAR been exposed by the dummy in the WH . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1012
True ... the last numbers I saw were 21 % libs , 40 % conservatives , and 35 % a mixture of right and left leaning independants . 
But is n't MIXTURE going a little far for you to assume you can speak for 80 % of Americans by saying `` WE '' do n't like liberal control ? 
How can you know that all moderates come down on the side of conservatism ? 
I could n't find any polls that talked about how many liberals , moderates , or conservatives thought liberal control is bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1013
ALL polls showing 50 + % and up dissatisfaction are n't convincing enough for you ? 
When this poll is finished , then you 'll know , the poll called the Nov. election . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1015
Shpraralain , Very well put . 
If that was to happen I would vote for SHPRARALAIN . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1017
Reagan 's polls at this point in REAGAN presidency were the same or worse . 
So what is your point ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1018
HERE 've already been here , Irie . 
If Barack does the things that Reagan did , I hope BARACK wins in a landslide . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1019
We have already been there , like about 99 &#37; of what is written in this forum . 
People keep saying the same thing . 
What does that have to do with the fact that both are polling about the same at this point in BOTH presidencies ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1020
Uhhh . 
Because they are 2 different people and will do completely different things , why is Reagan 's rating at any time relevant to Barack 's rating ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1021
That 's why THAT like it . 
IT a refreshing change from the other MSNBC pie holes type forums , no pie hole is too nice , ummm poo holes type forums . 
While THAT do not love all of FOX News THAT do think overall CHANGE a much better and infinitely more wachable news show than the entirely worthless and repulsive MSNBC atrocity masquerading as a News channel . 
April Ratings : FOX Beats CNN and MSNBC Combined - mediabistro.com ... Apr 28 , 2009 ... See other great jobs at our Job Board . 
How 's this for cable news domination - Fox News beat CNN and MSNBC combined in every hour from 6amET to MidnightET in ... FNC is the # 2 network in Total Viewers on all of cable . 
... http:\/\/www.mediabistro.com\/tvnewser\/...ned_115179.aspMay Ratings Mayhem ! 
Fox News Tops ; MSNBC Beats CNN ; Cooper ... Jun 2 , 2009 ... Why does Fox News contiue to brow beats MSNBC in every rating category , ... Fox gets all of the republicans ... and ALL of the other channels ... http:\/\/www.huffingtonpost.com\/...\/ma..._n_210500.html - Why does Fox News primetime viewers total beat MSNBC and CNN ... Feb 16 , 2010 ... because Fox news has read the market right , while others want market tt ... Also , for all the talk of being fair and balanced , Fox News is ... answers.yahoo.com\/question\/index?qid ... - Cachedra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1022
So you would vote for him if HIM abandoned HIM own principles , adopted all your principles , not matter how idiotic and wrongheaded those principles were ? 
That is a pretty nonsensical point of view . 
If Obama adopted those measures , especially the ones about deporting people and economic regression that would come about from stopping free trade , I would sooner vote for I dog as a write in than Obama under those circumstances . 
I also like the fact that right wingers constantly blather on about the free market . 
And yet in action , and even specific policy rhetoric WINGERS oppose the free market at every turn . 
Opposition to free trade , is opposition to the free market . 
Opposition to the free movement of labor is opposition to the free market . 
That is why I can not stomach the hypocritical right wing stupidity . 
They claim to support a free market , and yet THEY oppose the free market all THEY time . 
THEY claim to be in favor of freedom , but THEY oppose freedom all the time . 
The reality is , the right wing agenda can be summed up as , `` I want a free market for I , I do n't care about anyone else . 
And I want freedom for I , I do n't care about anyone else . 
Unless of course I need government assistance like unemployment , SS , or Medicare , then I love government -LRB- but ASSISTANCE should n't benefit the poor or brown , then I will oppose BROWN -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1023
You mean he does all the things that led to this recession ? 
We already witnessed the long term effects of reagans irrational economic policies . 
REAGANS were disastrous . 
No one who properly understands that could possibly want Obama to follow that disastrous path . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1024
Never in your lifetime have conservatives held power . 
Do not confuse CONSERVATIVES with Republicans . 
After the last several years , we can all see the destruction that liberal , progressive , marxist , and\/or communist policies cause - when CONSERVATIVES run the Executive , House , and Senate 
CURRENTPOSTID 1025
Yay !! 
Another person irrelevantly pointing out fox news ratings , and comparing them to MSNBC . 
I am very liberal , and would n't watch MSNBC for any reason . 
I actually watch Fox significantly more often . 
And if there is a major and serious news story , I watch CNN . 
That is the difference between the right and left . 
Most left wingers think for WINGERS , WINGERS do n't let a TV news channel think for WINGERS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1026
No. . 
And no where in my post did MY suggest that . 
But from your posts we can all easily conclude that you must be another Obama boot licker too dimwitted to understand the mistake you made . 
At the time Obama appeared to have outmaneuvred Hillary but was not yet the nominee MY summed up how dangerous LICKER Presidency might become based on LICKER inexperience , lack of pragmatism , and liberal ideology . 
TIME did not take MY 1 year into 1 Presidency to feel vindicated of the predictions MY made during 1 campaign . 
The mistakes are frequent , and damaging to the Republic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1027
Because it shows that notwithstanding the fact that Obama 's lower ratings are constantly posted to show what a crummy job OBAMA is doing , ratings at this point in OBAMA tenure are likely to bear little resemblance to how OBAMA is judged in the future . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1028
Really ? 
Is that why most Obama voters actually thought Sara Palin said she could see Russia from SHE house in Alaska ? 
That is based on a Zogby study post election . 
The data is on line if you want ELECTION . 
I guess you liberals let Saturday Night Live create reality for you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1029
It was n't a liberal policy to slash tax revenues and double military spending . 
BABY can understanding , looking back at the wreckage that is the Bush administration , why conservatives would now what to distance CONSERVATIVES and claim BUSH was a `` liberal . 
`` Sorry . 
BABY 's your baby . 
YOUR all put BABY in office twice . 
We do n't want BABY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1030
You nailed it . 
Private Sector expansion is exactly the opposite of the current regimes goals 
CURRENTPOSTID 1031
Stop projecting . 
Bush , like it or not , was one of the most Liberal Republicans ever elected . 
And never during BUSH Presidency , were either Chambers of Congress , run by Conservatives . 
You may be able to rewrite history among conversations with your obtuse liberal friends , but not here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1032
Also they do n't show a comparison with other candidates . 
That 's the REAL question . 
George W. Bush had about a 42 &#37; approval rating when BUSH was reelected in 2004 . 
Many times ... especially in times of war ... Americans will choose to keep the guy in charge in charge so as not to mix up war strategy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1033
lol wut ? 
Republicans ran the house and senate for 6 years during Bush 's rein . 
You may not like that republicans are called conservatives but that 's what CONSERVATIVES are considered . 
Conservatives . 
If you want to change what that term means to Americans you can go ahead and try . 
But you have n't done TERM yet . 
Conservatives were in charge of the republican party and therefore CONSERVATIVES were in charge for 6 out of 8 years of Bush . 
Our economy started ECONOMY 's recession in 2007 . 
Democrats only gained `` control '' -LRB- if you want to call 49 repubs and 49 dems in the senate control -RRB- in 2007 . 
So democrats created a recession within a year of DEMOCRATS taking over congress ?! 
Man that takes skill ! 
Get real . 
Republicans\/conservatives caused this mess . 
And MESS 's the same ones now opposing Obama every move MAN makes . 
I think the fact that we are doing the opposite of what these guys want is a good thing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1034
Label game playing . 
Bush ran as a conservative , was supported by conservatives , and followed conservative fiscal policies . 
Again , I appreciate your wanting to disown BUSH . 
Maybe we should trust you all this time ? 
There 's an old saying in Tennessee , I know TENNESSEE 's in Texas , probably in Tennessee , that says fool I once , shame on , shame on you . 
Fool I ... ca n't get fooled again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1035
I do n't understand the reasoning . 
Liberals voted against Bush and BUSH policies not once . 
Not twice . 
But 3 times in the past decade . 
How could Bush possibly be a liberal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1036
I think the logic goes ... Liberals are to blame for everything , so since the Bush administration was one of the worst in history , BUSH must be a liberal . 
That 's the only way I can figure WAY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1037
Another dimwitted Obama supporter incapable of critical thought . 
If Republicans are all Conservatives in your small mind ... ... Are Democrats all Communists ???? 
thanks in advance 
CURRENTPOSTID 1038
She did !! 
SHE did n't say `` SHE can see russia from SHE house '' SHE said something along the lines of this interaction . 
Interviewer -LRB- who PALIN think was Charlie Gibson -RRB- : What do you say to people that say you do n't have enough experience or knowledge of foreign policy issues ? 
`` Palin : `` Well PALIN know there Charlie , INTERVIEWER have been governor of Alaska and PALIN can see Russia from Alaska . 
That gives INTERVIEWER foreign policy experience . 
`` That is a horrendously idiotic statement . 
ALASKA is just as stupid as saying PALIN can see Russia from PALIN house . 
ALASKA conveys the exact same message . 
SNL just added the house part for a bit of comedic effect . 
PALIN ca n't see the significant difference . 
Maybe you can explain to PALIN why it is ok to say YOU have foreign policy experience because YOU can see Russia from a part of YOU state YOU have never been to , but it is somehow silly to say the same thing about seeing THING from YOU house . 
RUSSIA is exactly the same , and if one is stupider , it is the one Palin said . 
At least if she could actually see Russia from SHE house , RUSSIA might be some form of strange logic . 
Instead SHE can not see Russia , has never seen Russia , and SHE claims that Russia 's proximity to Alaska somehow give SHE foreign policy experience just seem even stupider . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1039
Yup . 
And his poll numbers partly tanked because Conservatives became more and more angry with HIS policies . 
As for Label game playing , you appear to be very good at PLAYING . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1040
lol huh ? 
THEY ALL CALL THEMSELVES CONSERVATIVE ! 
Jesus . 
THEY 's not that hard to understand . 
George W. Bush is what the country thinks of when they think conservative policy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1041
ThanksYet , a majority of Obama supporters believe she did . 
It isnt surprising Obama and OBAMA policies attract stupid people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1042
There are plenty of stupid people on both sides . 
But if you want to play that game -LRB- which is a cheap one -RRB- I can show you plenty of polls that show educated people support Obama over Palin . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1043
Really ? 
Susan Collins calls herself a Conservative ? 
Scott Brown ? 
Olympia Snow ? 
John McKain -LRB- when SNOW isnt running for re-election -RRB- ? 
Arlen Specter -LRB- see McKain -RRB- ??? 
I can go on , but I can see you are not really interested in reality 
CURRENTPOSTID 1044
Yup . 
Look in a mirror . 
Most Obama boot lickers are , so you at least have company . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1045
Yes you are half way there . 
Reagan 's policies led to rapid private sector expansion , followed by rapid private sector collapse . 
So we can either follow Reagan 's model and get those years like 84-85 and have 5 % growth , which will then be followed by 10 % loss . 
Or WE can follow the post WWII Keynsian model that saw the longest period of uninterrupted global expansion in human history . 
Maybe WE never saw one or 2 years of massive growth , but WE never saw rapid declines either . 
If YEARS was n't for the massive deregulation campaign undertaken between 1981 and 2008 , WE would not be in the recession WE are now in . 
There can of course be over regulation , and if that occurs some deregulation makes sense . 
But the constant deregulation left the markets to their whims , and WE saw the outcomes that followed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1046
Yes . 
They all call THEY conservatives . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1048
thanks . 
I 'll add you to the list of completely ignorant Obama supporters who post here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1049
Since you are now resorting to insults I think it is safe to say we have maxed out your intellectual capacity . 
Thanks for playing . 
Here . 
Have a balloon . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1050
good grief this is idiotic . 
Let me know how well all that regulation goes especially when the regulators are busy watching porn instead of doing REGULATORS jobsand the love affair JOBSAND boot lickers have with Keynes is quite interesting but you 've sort of been backed into a corner defending JOBSAND 
CURRENTPOSTID 1051
In what way was he a liberal ? 
What sort of revisionism is this ? 
Bush was a terrible president , so now we have right wing liars trying to say LIBERAL was liberal ?? 
I suppose there a few issues you could say LIBERAL was liberal about , immigration for example . 
But you could also spin that and say LIBERAL supported the free market , and supported the free movement of labor , so LIBERAL did n't want to intervene with the market . 
Which is what strict labor immigration control is . 
What else was Bush Liberal about ? 
LIBERAL spent a lot !! 
But that is a conservative trait in the modern world not a liberal one . 
The last 3 Republican president we had spent like lunatics . 
Reagan , Bush , and Bush . 
Clinton balanced the budget . 
No liberal would ever advocate for years of insane deficit spending , which is something only the right wing has ever done in this countries history other than the WWII era . 
What else could even remotely be twisted into a liberal stance ? 
Bush cut taxes . 
Deregulated . 
Opposed social freedoms . 
Opposed abortion . 
All those things are conservative . 
So your attempts to rewrite history might work among your braindead conservative hand puppets , but not among people with functioning brains . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1052
Good grief this is idiotic . 
This guy called some other post idiotic , and then GUY argument was `` this is idiotic '' followed by irrelevant nonsense and babbling . 
Hilarious when people makes the arguments of a child , and then insult others !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1053
INSULT is not an insult if INSULT is true . 
Are you going to answer the question . 
Are all Democrats , communists ???? 
that is your logic . 
Or are you completely wrong suggesting Conservatives held power during the Bush Presidency ?? 
thanks in advance 
CURRENTPOSTID 1054
No they believed she said exactly what SHE actually said . 
Only right wing liars tried to distort the facts to change history . 
Sarah Palin did say the ability to see Alaska from SHE state was a foreign policy credential . 
Something that is undoubtedly stupid , and conveys the exact same message as `` PALIN can see russia from PALIN house '' even if the wording is different . 
The levels of dishonesty you are stooping to are really low . 
Try to raise your game , you are starting to bore me . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1055
So , we 've some to the point where supporting the Free Market now equals being a Conservativethe Party of JFK died a long time ago . 
How about the work he did with the drunk Ted Kennedy on education `` reform '' ?? 
The expansion of government creating the Department of Homeland security ??? 
HE spent like a drunken sailor - which is not conservative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1056
Of course that was not the question asked . 
Did she say SHE could see COURSE from SHE House ? 
Obama supporters say ... ... . 
. 
Of course . did . 
Its only boring you because you cant handle the facts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1057
Yes it is . 
That is what modern conservatives do . 
Reagan spent more like a drunken sailor than Bush , and REAGAN actually increased the debt more than Bush comparable to the time periods -LRB- in other words Bush increased the debt more by a total number , but Reagan a greater percentage -RRB- . 
That education reform was not something any liberal would ever support , that is for sure . 
Nor is the oppressive actions taken to fight the war on terror . 
That is something moderates like Obama do , and conservatives like Bush do . 
Not actual liberals . 
Never . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1058
Then you are pointing out irrelevancies . 
People were confused about the exact wordings of a Palin statement , and that is a sign of what ? 
You remember every word that Palin ever said as an exact quote ? 
Of course not . 
You remember the basic premise of the things she said . 
The basic premise of what SHE said was incredibly similar to `` SHE can see russia from SHE house '' PS . 
I am liberal and I know exactly what SHE said . 
So really , your point is without merit . 
The fact that people got confused about the wording of an answer sarah palin gave is irrelevant to anything I was actually talking about . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1059
educate yourself will yai even included a Washington Post link first , written in 2007 . 
that Bush was a Liberal Republican is not new news , however , considering how you must need REPUBLICAN to be a conservative , so your own ideology doesnt get too close to being something of the Soviet Union , or Venezuela 's - we can all understand how desperate you need the Bush \/ conservative myth to be believed . 
Not that 3 crummy links will change your mind , but heck Cohen and the Wash Post wrote about POST years agoBush the Neoliberalhttp : \/ \/ www.washingtonpost.com\/wp-dyn...052801053.htmlHow the Policies of the Bush Administration Are Liberal in Theoryhttp : \/ \/ www.associatedcontent.com\/art...a_liberal.htmlPresident Bush s Liberal Viewshttp : \/ \/ www.newdonkey.com\/president-b...ral-views.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 1060
I will accept this as an admission that Obama supporters are more likely to be guided by Saturday Night Live skit than reality . 
Or that Obama supporters were\/are gullible village idiots who actually believed Obama was going to lower taxes , that SUPPORTERS could keep SUPPORTERS health care , and so on and so onthe hard part for you is , the game is over and Independents -LRB- and hopefully some actual real Democrats -RRB- finally wised up 
CURRENTPOSTID 1062
Ah you mean the whole spreading democracy throughout the world . 
Well that was old school American liberalism for sure . 
The thing is though , that has been the policy of both Republican and Democratic presidents since the start of the cold war . 
Pre-WWII I would agree the conservative position tended to be isolationist and the liberal tended to have more expansive and optimistic foreign policy goals . 
That has n't been true very often since that point . 
And POINT absolutely has n't been true at least since the 70sI think your problem is , you seem to be confusing libertarianism with conservatism . 
Even that last link you gave said Bush was conservative , BUSH just believed in some liberal policies . 
The truth is BUSH is a Reagan style conservative . 
Insane spending . 
Belief in using foreign policy to promote and spread democracy . 
Deregulation . 
Tax cuts . 
That is Reagan 's playbook copied by GW Bush . 
Yet you seem to like Reagan and call Bush a liberal . 
When they have so many similarities that does n't make much sense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1063
The hard part for you is I strongly oppose Obama 's presidency . 
I have n't defended Obama once , and if you look at I vote I said I would n't vote for Obama . 
So that is clearly not the explanation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1064
LIBERTARIAN think your problem is projecting . 
LIBERTARIAN am a registered libertarian who voted for Michael Badnerik in 2004 , and wrote in Ron Paul in 2008 - and more often than not , voted Libertarians when given a choice . 
Although LIBERTARIAN will admit , LIBERTARIAN have never voted for the communist with the D by LIBERTARIANS name . 
LIBERTARIAN apologize for not coming into voting age when Democrats were still Democrats and not Marxists 
CURRENTPOSTID 1065
Then I apologize for projecting a bit myself 
CURRENTPOSTID 1066
The FACT that Bush was not Conservative , does NOT mean PRESIDENT was a liberal . 
PRESIDENT spent like one but did n't tax like one . 
Bush was a fiscally bad President . 
And probably best called a moderate Republican . 
True Conservatives and moderate to conservative Independents agree that Bush left much to be desired , especially in the spending area . 
What befuddles WORLD -LRB- among other things -RRB- is how liberals blame Bush for ALL including the excess spending , YET say obummer is doing GOOD by spending 3 times as much ????????? 
WORLD guess the liberal , dreamland , `` perfect world , '' mind has no need for logic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1067
AgreedI missed where he credited Clinton with balancing the budget and completely ignored the Republican takeover in 94 and the Contract with Americawho believes , had that not happened , Clinton would have balanced the budget with a Democratic controlled House ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1068
It was 1995 the Republicans took over . 
1995 is speculation as to what would have happened . 
But the Dems passed the 1993 tax increase that flooded the Treasury with revenues which gave us the surplus budget , and the deficit was falling rapidly in those two years before the Republicans got control . 
Furthermore , US saw once Bush got into office that the Republican congress was n't exactly thrifty when CONGRESS comes to spending . 
Year - `` on-budget '' deficit\/surplus1992 -340.41993 -300.4 -LRB- - Clinton takes office1994 -258.81995 -226.4 -LRB- - Republicans take control of Congress1996 -174.01997 -103.21998 -29.91999 1.9 Source : CBO . 
govThe deficits had already fallen 33 &#37; in the years before the Republicans took congress . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1069
And this is borderline delusional `` Right wing liars '' distort the facts and change history when attempting to correct what Saturday Night Live said versus Sara Palin ? 
THIS actually quite entertaining . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1070
Yes , but it is commonly referred to as the 1994 takeover which is when the election was . 
Remember IT , because we will be referring to Americans taking back the House this time around as the 2010 takeover 
CURRENTPOSTID 1071
Not in my experience . 
You 're not the first who incorrectly stated the Republicans took over in 1994 . 
And the Republicans will retain congress in 2002 and McCain will win the election in 2004 . 
Folks predict all kinds of things . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1072
Like Obama being a pragmatic centrist 
CURRENTPOSTID 1074
Fair enough , people can say that to refer to the election . 
I think we 've got the record straight PEOPLE did n't take actual control of Congress until 1995 , after the deficit had been declining rapidly for two years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1075
The election was in 1994 but they did n't get into office until 1995 . 
Just like Bush had control of the white house when the 2009 deficit was predicted to be a staggering 1.2 trillion dollars even before we knew the full extent of the financial crash . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1077
What question and who are you addressing ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1078
me . 
He 's asking ME if calling republicans conservative is the same as calling democrats communists . 
lol 
CURRENTPOSTID 1079
Libs do n't compare Obama to Bushed or the Puppet Master Dick . 
We realize that WE have something so much better . 
Get with the program . 
OBAMA has a lot more skills than that Bozo WE had before or McSame that was trying to take OBAMA place . 
I believe your vision is blinded by your ideology and you are not able to see that . 
No , that Reps\/cons did n't want . 
What ? 
That is what Boehner and the rest of the GOP who have REPS\/CONS head up so far into REPS\/CONS butts REPS\/CONS ca n't see that Wall Street is taking us to the cleaners , and does n't care because REPS\/CONS are in Wall Street 's pocket . 
Bwahahah ! 
That is why so many Rep Congressmen were so eager to take the money and take photo ops admitting MONEY was creating jobs . 
Your rhetoric reeks of right-wing anger , jealousy and erronious crap . 
The buffoon US had before made us the laughing stock of the world , thank God for an eloquent speaker US are no longer the butt of jokes . 
Some more Faux News type lies . 
Reps\/cons are so ignorant REPS\/CONS wanted Obama to plug the hole . 
Obama handled the crisis much more intelligently than dumb Bush handled Katrina . 
More lies . 
Post some facts if you want to be credible instead of repeating the rethoric you hear on Fixed Noise . 
Self-serving Reps\/cons would like the moratorium lifted , and if another spill occurs , they can whine and blame Obama for not taking action and declaring a moratorium . 
We 're talking about Bush\/Cheney , no ? 
I agree . 
It was the Justice Dept that did the suing , but ignorant cons do n't realize that . 
And , DOJ is just keeping with the Constitution , something that Reps\/cons do n't seem to understand . 
REPS\/CONS claim REPS\/CONS love the Constitution but do n't mind shredding CONSTITUTION or letting REPS\/CONS leaders -LRB- Bush\/Cheney -RRB- shred CONSTITUTION . 
Selfish reps do n't have any empathy for those that lost REPS jobs , REPS are just interested in helping BP and other corporations keep CORPORATIONS millions so CORPORATIONS can pay CORPORATIONS CEO 's big bonuses . 
And BP would all be considered BS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1080
I agree with everything you said , except for Stormfront , and that is because I 've never been on that forum - probably would n't want to , we have enough inane posters on this forum . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1082
+1 spot on 
CURRENTPOSTID 1083
Oh , another complainer that does n't have any candidate they can claim can do better . 
We know how far Paul got ! 
Bwahaha ! 
And from your posts WE can easily conclude that you are an Obama hater with no facts other than Faux News type rhetoric being repeated by all the con sheeple . 
That 's what happens when peabrains try to understand\/explain issues beyond PEABRAINS comprehension . 
Your predictions as well as your assumptions can all be classified as a bunch of BS . 
The mistakes were already made by the previous administration , may PEABRAINS never , ever , be in charge again ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1084
closeI asked if you were ready to admit you were wrong . 
Not in your lifetime has the government been controlled by Conservatives . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1085
I 'll add you to the list too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1086
all too easy 
CURRENTPOSTID 1087
Actually , according to Quinnipiac , a fictitious letter R currently does better according to Americathats how badly DOINGWHAT is doingwhat a fall from `` grace `` http:\/\/www.google.com\/#hl=en&amp;source=...fb550a2476ba2a 
CURRENTPOSTID 1090
Ask YOUR if YOUR give a -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- about your -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing list ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1091
Your link is faulty , sort of like your posts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1092
I take that as a yes . 
OK Bolsheivik . 
Enjoy your dictatorship !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1093
In a dictatorship , there is one party-rule by force , not by choice . 
Therefore PARTY-RULE find your little retort laughable and ignorant . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1094
What ????? 
Mertex said they do n't deserve power , what the hell relevance does that have to Bolshevism ? 
Did Mertex say the party should sieze control and stop Republicans from taking control ? 
Certainly not . 
But anyone who was even semi-conscious between 2001 and 2009 must understand how disastrous Republican control is . 
Maybe one day people , when PEOPLE realize Democrats suck , will not then turn to Republicans only to realize PEOPLE also suck , just to turn back to Democrats . 
Maybe one day people will wake up and break that cycle . 
There is no doubt that Republicans do not deserve power with PEOPLE record though . 
I would rather give power to Lindsay Lohan after a week long coke binge . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1095
lol one more conservative using words they do n't understand . 
Maybe THEY should pay more attention to dem dar fancy book readin types . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1096
YOURSELF appear to be guilty of that yourself . 
Suggesting Olympia Snowe , Susan Collins , Arlen Specter and John McKain are self appointed conservatives is certainly using words you simply do not understand . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1097
yes , but as in the other thread , Can a real named republican beat YES . 
. 
i just dont see . with the way the republican party has been going ... Get as center as possible -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- POSSIBLE ... forget about your all mighty social high horse that scares away voters but keep the conservative spending . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1098
Conservatism in it 's basic definition is a political ideology that is against new programs . 
Everyone in the republican party is in general against new government programs . 
Therefore they all fit under the conservative ideology . 
There are multiple subfactions of conservatism . 
Including libertarians . 
But the neo cons of the republican party are no less conservative than the libertarians . 
I am not wrong . 
I just do n't have a political agenda to redefine conservativism to separate REPUBLICAN from the neo cons and George W. Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1099
For the sake of argument I will not correct your flawed definition and statements but accept them to make a point . 
Following your own logic , and absolute unwillingness to admit you are wrong , then all Democrats are Communists . 
It is n't much of a secret that COMMUNISTS are , but I 'd really like to see you type SECRET , or agree with TYPE . 
Then again , reading you attempt to squirm your way around this , is sufficiently entertaining . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1100
No because the basic defintion of communism is a desire for the state to take complete control of all businesses . 
Not a single democrat has proposed any such thing . 
You are truly doing a poor job displaying your knowledge of political ideologies and their definitions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1101
You should n't be so quick to criticize skippyAfter all , the argument you are feebly attempting to make is that all Republicans are Conservatives . 
I 'll leave SKIPPYAFTER up to the objective readers out there in internet land to decide which of the two of us is doing a poor job at displaying knowledge . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1102
http:\/\/wordnetweb.princeton.edu\/perl...conservativism 
CURRENTPOSTID 1104
lol \*\*\* MOD EDIT - personal attack deleted \*\*\*\* This is not at all a scientific test . 
Especially since EDIT does n't have another candidate to compare to . 
Many would n't want to vote for Obama but hate Sarah Palin even more so MANY vote for Obama to keep her out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1105
also there needs to be a maybe option , then again id hope most everyone would select maybe . 
I would n't make up your mind too early and without proper research first . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1107
When we are dealing with posters -LRB- and sadly voters -RRB- like Tao who actually believes Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins are conservatives , how can you expect POSTERS to grasp even the simplest of reasons why Obama 's numbers are tanking ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1108
Bwahahaha ! 
That you are comparing the country to a right-leaning forum 's poll just shows how lacking in knowledge and logic some people are . 
The fact that there are that many in favor in a clearly right-wing Forum is cause for alarm for the right , I would say . 
Clear thinking ? 
I think not , more delusional . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1109
LOL you figure this board is representative of clear thinking Americans ? 
You have n't read many posts . 
Well , maybe on second thought , you have . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1110
Thanks a lot ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1111
Delusional ? 
Clearly EXPERT are an expert in the field of being delusional . 
I posted this : `` AS of TODAY ! 
Overall , 44 % of VOTERS say VOTERS at least somewhat approve of the president 's performance . 
Fifty-six percent -LRB- 56 % -RRB- disapprove .25 % of VOTERS , Strongly approve -LRB- liberals & parasites , mostly parasites -RRB- of the way B.O. is preforming as President . 
While 45 % of VOTERS STRONGLY DISAPPROVE of the job B.O. is doing . 
More REAL numbers the dreaming libs . 
wo n't like . 
`` EVERY , not some or one or two , EVERY neutral polling company has similar results . 
You can laughingly post a radical liberal polling company but COMPANY will be meaningless . 
NEUTRAL polling companies ALL have B.O. going down the tubes . 
To ANY Republican and even to some Democrats . 
That is how bad B.O. 's star has fallen . 
Some Democrats and even some liberal Democrats are looking at the idea of dumping REPUBLICAN . 
Radical RIGHT wing pollsters do n't show B.O. 's numbers to be a lot worse than the neutral companies , POLLSTERS do n't have to . 
B.O. the incompetent , radical Socialist CLOWN , further destroys B.O. with each passing day , gaff , screw-up , and lie . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1112
You liberals are always delusional p u s s i e s. Please read belowGee can someone tell I if LIBERALS think the democrats might do the same thing !!!!! 
duhhh ... . 
If a Republican does n't like guns , REPUBLICAN doesn t buy one . 
If a Democrat does n't like guns , DEMOCRAT wants all guns outlawed . 
If a Republican is a vegetarian , REPUBLICAN doesn t eat meat . 
If a Democrat is a vegetarian , DEMOCRAT wants all meat products banned for everyone . 
If a Republican is homosexual , REPUBLICAN quietly leads REPUBLICAN life . 
If a Democrat is homosexual , DEMOCRAT demands legislated respect . 
If a Republican is down-and-out , REPUBLICAN thinks about how to better REPUBLICAN situation . 
A Democrat wonders who is going to take care of DEMOCRAT . 
If a Republican does n't like a talk show host , REPUBLICAN switches channels . 
Democrats demand that those DEMOCRATS do n't like be shut down . 
If a Republican is a non-believer , REPUBLICAN does n't go to church . 
A Democrat non-believer wants any mention of God and religion silenced . 
If a Republican decides REPUBLICAN needs health care , REPUBLICAN goes about shopping for CARE , or may choose a job that provides CARE . 
A Democrat demands that the rest of us pay for DEMOCRAT . 
If a Republican reads this , REPUBLICAN 'll forward THIS so REPUBLICAN friends can have a good laugh . 
A Democrat will delete THIS because DEMOCRAT 's `` offended '' . 
Ca n't wait for Obama prick to get the h3ll out of office . 
Worse than bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1114
only obama voters are allowed to be on the friend list , you are one of uskeep up the good fight 
CURRENTPOSTID 1115
el oh elthe numbers are not that far off from polls even democrats are conductingel oh elCNN , Quinnipiac , USA Today , James Carvilleonly around 40 % currently think the Charlatan deserves to be re-elected . 
STATEMENT 's a sad statement on the inability of critical thought of roughly 40 % of AmericansCarville 's poll is the most entertaining as a majority of Americans now agree that Socialist is an accurate description of dear leaderGoogleel oh el 
CURRENTPOSTID 1116
The economy may eventually turn around , in spite of Obama . 
So , basing your vote for Obama on the economy may be unfounded and without merit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1117
lol wow ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1118
Good point . 
I 'm sure a poll here at PF scientifically represents the opinions of the American people . 
LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 1119
There is not a single poll anywhere at any point in time that said Obama stands to lose 2 to 1 to any republican . 
Even generic nameless republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1121
Try paying attention to the amount of people who think they will vote for HIM , which is what the poll in the thread asks . 
roughly 40 % according to the ones I referenced . 
sorry . 
I know how much you dislike AMOUNT . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1122
el oh elThats the best you could do ? 
The thread poll , is not that far off from others . 
See above post . 
Deal with POLL . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1123
Deal with it ? 
LOL Pass . 
I do n't need to deal with irrelevant nonsense . 
But feel free to show us the polls that show only 34 &#37; would vote for Obama in the next election . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1124
FYI , I was n't responding to your post , but to 4Horse - and yes , it is delusional because everyone knows this Forum leans way right ! 
So what , those polls go up and down depending on what the President did the day before , whether YES liked BEFORE or not . 
The real proof will be in 2012 . 
Most Libs\/Dems are too smart to put that much stock into LIBS\/DEMS , but go ahead and let LIBS\/DEMS make your day . 
You will need all those happy days to remember , when Nov 2012 comes along . 
Well , DAYS appears from your radical ranting that you either are very immature or a right-winger that has n't been around long enough to know that these polls do n't mean a whole lot . 
Some that may show displeasure now , would rather have a President SOME are familiar with and that has done some good rather than a newcomer that who knows where SOME will lead us , especially if SOME are Republican and believe the same nonsense that got US in the mess US are . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1126
Thank You , Thank you , I now understand that the mature way to act when ALL polls are against your ideas , is to then discount the very idea of polling in the first place . 
Thank you for your `` insight '' into maturity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1127
I 'm sure you will understand when you get older - like in Nov 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1128
November 2012 ? 
You mean when we get rid of the incompetent lying clown in the White House ? 
That November 2012 ? 
One of us WILL learn a lesson and ONE wo n't be this senior citizen , sonny ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1130
That might be erroneous , but how is erroneously calling someone else a racist , racist ? 
How is that a negative or prejudical statement based on race ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1131
If you would restate that in English , I may answer it . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1132
He said : How is falsely calling someone a racist an example of someone thinking a certain race is superior or saying something negative or prejudiced on the basis of race -LRB- the definition of racism -RRB- . 
The words in HE post were n't THAT big . 
Try to keep up . 
At least look up words you do n't understand . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1133
Let me know if you still ca n't understand it after Bill 's comment . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1135
If true , that would be `` moronic . '' 
THAT would not make them `` racist . '' 
I 'm not entirely sure you know what the term means . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1136
Thanks . 
I understood your assertion perfectly the first time . 
Let I make I position a bit simpler , if I can . 
A `` racist , '' by definition , is one who discriminates or is prejudiced against others or villifies OTHERS based on OTHERS race . 
Now , if a liberal -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- calls someone a `` racist '' based not on the person 's race , but on OTHERS own inability to conduct and intelligent argument , then the liberal is not discriminating or being prejudiced against that person based on race , but based on ignorance , right ? 
So by definition , that does not indicate OTHERS are racist at all , does DEFINITION ? 
Now , what were WHAT saying about being able to conduct an intelligent argument ? 
In the meantime , the rest of us will just savor the delicious irony of you calling liberals the most racist for calling others racists when being unable to conduct an intelligent argument . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1137
As a liberal , you naturally want to define racist in the narrowest terms possible . 
However , in reality , -LRB- a term foreign to liberals -RRB- playing the race card against all and any at every opportunity is RACIST , whether you wish to acknowledge that or not . 
IE calling the AZ law RACIST when REALITY is not , IS RACIST . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1138
A wise man once said : `` Racism is simply an ugly form of collectivism , the mindset that views humans only as members of groups and never as individuals . 
Racists believe that all individual who share superficial physical characteristics are alike ; as collectivists , racists think only in terms of groups . 
By encouraging Americans to adopt a group mentality , the advocates of so-called `` diversity '' actually perpetuate racism . 
ADVOCATES intense focus on race is inherently racist , because FOCUS views individuals only as members of racial groups . 
Conservatives and libertarians should fight back and challenge the myth that collectivist liberals care more about racism . 
Modern liberalism , however well intentioned , is a byproduct of the same collectivist thinking that characterizes racism . 
The continued insistence on group thinking only inflames racial tensions . '' 
- Ron paulYou can read the whole of the statement here : http:\/\/www.lewrockwell.com\/paul\/paul68.htmlAlso a very interesting video involving tea parties and racism is here : YouTube - Who 's Racist ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1139
Why is that natural for a liberal ? 
Reality ? 
LOL ! 
Well I suppose if you want to make up definitions LOL can be anything you want LOL . 
In the meantime , the rest of us will just savor the delicious irony of you talking about how `` reality '' is a foreign term to liberals while you make up definitions not found in any `` reality '' based dictionary or definition . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1140
How the hell are conservatives going to fight about HELL when CONSERVATIVES do n't even know what `` racist '' means . 
Here we have Dan40 whose thinks the word `` racist '' has absolutely nothing to do with anything about race , prejudice , or discrimination . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1141
So since you are calling liberals racists thereby playing the race card , exactly what you accuse liberals of doing , does not that make you a racist too by your own definition ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1142
I 'm talking the traditional concervative , who is really more a libertarian in todays terms . 
You are thinking of what some might call a Neo-concervative . 
SOME are going to fight NEO-CONCERVATIVE , hopefully by reading that paper I gave a link to , educating SOME , and speaking some sense . 
That ought to be the strategy for every political and ethical individual that hopes to eliminate such unfounded inequality . 
That may just be I opinion . 
Also I will say in regard to Dan40 , that calling a law racist , does n't make someone racist , DAN40 makes SOME ignorant of what racist means . 
A document can not be racist . 
DOCUMENT can be written by a racist , and DOCUMENT can defend racist actions , but the document DOCUMENT can not be racist . 
Personally I do n't like the Arizona law , as big a states rights guy as I am , the constitution gives the power to regulate national borders to the Federal Government . 
If the states want to devote resources to help in that endeavor that is their right , but to make laws in that respect appears to be unconstitutional . 
I 'll have to look into ENDEAVOR a bit more though . 
If arizona wants to pass such a law , then we need a 28th amendment . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1143
The race card is a liberal weapon to be used against any that disagree with their silly Utopian dreams . 
And using WEAPON against all who disagree is a slur against all people of color , so YES , calling people racist when PEOPLE are not , is an insult , and therefore RACIST . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1144
Oh so now any insult is racist ? 
lol 
CURRENTPOSTID 1145
Typical liberal nonsense , you bend words to fit your purpose and use the bent words as weapons . 
But when turned against you , suddenly you demand the strictest Library of Congress definition of a word . 
OPPORTUNISTS 're not only racist opportunists , you are bullsh ! 
t racist opportunists . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1146
I 'm supposed to believe a person too lazy to give I a link ? 
Your vote that I 'm laughably wrong is the best you 've got ? 
I mother-in-law could hit harder ! 
There is another way you could prove I 'm wrong . 
Tell I how government knows I 'm looking for a job if they stop asking the question after I unemployment compensation has ended ? 
We should suppose government is psychic ? 
Actually that explains a lot ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1147
I think most all factions are guilty of this from time to time . 
I think MECHANISM is a natural defense mechanism more often than MECHANISM is a tactical plan . 
Hardly a Liberal only endeavor . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1148
Every few years or so , that agency changes its formula to make the numbers look a little sweeter . 
They also neglect to revaluate previous satistics , but post SATISTICS together all the same . 
Here is an elementary example : before -- there were 7 yellow people and 3 green ppl unemployed equaling 10 &#37; of the populationnow -- there are 10 yellow people and 10 green ppl equaling 20 % of the populationBefore for instance , PEOPLE counted yellow and greens in unemployment . 
So in this mock example 10 % of people are unemployed . 
Now PEOPLE stoped counting green people . 
so NOW looks like only 10 % unemployment . 
Therefore as far as we know , there has been little change . 
In real terms the government says WE have 10 % unemployment and 2 % inflation . 
In terms WE used from the very beginning -LRB- before -RRB- or unmanipulated ... WE actually have 22 % unemployment and 6 % inflation ... So yes , the Bureau of labor satistics is kind of bull . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1149
Sorry , but it is always the liberals that use the word racist as a weapon against any that disagree with them . 
Other words could apply equally to all groups , but liberals have cornered the market on using the word , racist , as a put down for all dissent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1150
How is using the word racist a slur against all people of color ? 
So when YOU call liberals racists are you slurring all people of color ? 
Are you a racist ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1151
You 've being using the word racist as a weapon for the past 5 pages ! 
When did you start calling yourself a liberal ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1152
That is not true at all . 
The work force consists of those who are working , or want to . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1153
What is the source for these assertions ? 
While the BLS has improved BLS polling methodology , the measure of the standard unemployment rate -LRB- now called U-3 -RRB- has remained essentially unchanged for decades . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1155
I guess the pain of reality is why you avoid PAIN at all costs . 
You can call I racist if you wish , your opinion is nothing to I , and you can brand I with the nonsensical liberal brand too . 
Again , I do not care what your opinions are since your liberal opinions are silly , unworkable , illogical , and are constantly changed while denying the last failed idea ever existed . 
So say what you want , LAST meaningless . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1156
You 've been hanged on by your own words , not mine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1157
Hanged by less than a wisp of smoke , not hardly . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1158
Others can decide that for OTHERS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1161
Sure thing dad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1162
WOW , you have a big family ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1164
I like your signature . 
I slogan for the November elections : IF YOU 'RE IN -------- YOU 'RE OUT 
CURRENTPOSTID 1165
From my own personal experience -LRB- family members and friends that are Republican -RRB- , there are a lot of Republicans that are racist . 
MEMBERS insult blacks , hispanics and other minorities for no reason and generalize negatively about MEMBERS . 
You have many of those kind of people in your Tea Parties whether you want to admit KIND or not . 
Maybe some Libs use the race card as a weapon , but hey , when CARD 's out there in your face -LRB- racist signs at Tea Parties and negative comments made public -RRB- CARD is quite obvious , and CARD will be acknowledged . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1166
If your compensation has ended , why would the government care if you are still looking or not ? 
You would be the one that would be suffering , ergo , ONE would be up to you to do something about ONE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1167
And mostly Republicans\/conservatives actually act racist . 
If you do n't like the word racist , do n't be one . 
Do n't generalize about minorities , do n't insult without cause , do n't be afraid MINORITIES are going to take your job , do n't be afraid MINORITIES are going to take over the country and make you a slave . 
Watch this : YouTube - Misconceptions of Obama fuel Republican ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1168
Once again a liberal uses the race card as a weapon . 
And tries to tell REPUBLICAN how to act and how to conduct REPUBLICAN life . 
Well REPUBLICAN am not afraid of ANYONE taking REPUBLICAN job because REPUBLICAN 'm retired . 
And REPUBLICAN did not worry about anyone taking REPUBLICAN job before REPUBLICAN retired because no one did ONE as well . 
Some tried . 
And before REPUBLICAN 'm made into a slave REPUBLICAN 'll be a cadaver . 
And REPUBLICAN 'd hope to take a bunch with REPUBLICAN . 
And REPUBLICAN 'm NOT a Republican . 
REPUBLICAN 'm for replacing incumbents of both parties and instituting strict term limits for the replacements . 
REPUBLICAN find Democrats to be only marginally worse than Republicans . 
And liberals are simply insane and out of touch with reality . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1169
Sly ; speaking of '' nutz '' that `` BIMBO '' has bigger BALLS than any politician out there and BIMBO for one think we need some BALLS in the white house . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1172
Arguments are over facts . 
Opinions are for voting . 
LIBERAL 'm for individual Freedoms and Liberties . 
Why then do LIBERAL like Obama ? 
LIBERAL 'm a Liberal . 
Why then do LIBERAL dislike the Democratic party ? 
Be careful with the generalizations . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1174
Are you kidding me ? 
If you are for individual freedoms and liberties you can not support Obama ! 
Thats an oxymoron . 
YOURSELF are lieing to yourself ME friend . 
Facts1 . 
Stimulus , Goverenment pumping money into social programs for the purpose of control .2 . 
Universal health care .3 . 
Cap and Trade .4 . 
Raising capital gain tax .5 . 
Tarp , structured to take control of the financial sector .6 . 
Global warming , A smoke screen to initiate environmental restrictions designed to collapse the free enterprise .7 . 
Big government , because the collective knows better than the individual . 
The list goes on and on all the above is stucturaly engineered to take our individual freedoms away from OUR and to essort in a secular elite progressive Government . 
OUR will be like little worker bees and OUR job will be to bring honey back to the collective hive . 
Give ME Liberty or give ME death !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1176
I gave you a link to the BLS . 
You wrote LINK off as BS . 
You wrote out the institution that is responsible for counting unemployment as BS . 
I do n't understand how anyone interested in politics could be so bullheaded and willfully ignorant . 
Do some -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing research and you wo n't look so dumb ! 
INSTITUTION 's hilarious that you call I too lazy when I already provided you with the link to answer your questions and you very clearly have not read SOME . 
Here is the answers : http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/cps\/cps_htgm.htm#where 
CURRENTPOSTID 1177
And the result of all that expensive BLS effort is that if a person 's benefits have expired and they have given up trying to find a job . 
According to the BLS THEY are NO LONGER UNEMPLOYED . 
The unemployment rate dropped from 9.7 to 9.5 a couple of months ago , NOT because people had found work , but because the BLS SAID 652,000 , formerly unemployed , PEOPLE HAD , `` LEFT THE LABOR FORCE ! 
`` PEOPLE choose to believe the Democrat\/liberal Pols and disbelieve the Republican\/conservative Pols . 
The operative word is UNEMPLOYED are Pols. , UNEMPLOYED both LIE !!!! 
We NEED part-time , non-career legislators , not power mad politicians . 
Do WE need ranting idiots like Grayson using POLS. franking privilege to spend $ 75,000,000.00 to mail out re-election CD 's on WE Dollar . 
Not on GRAYSON campaign money , WE tax money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1178
What we need is to get the lawyers out of govt altogether . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1179
GAH ! 
No ! 
People who lose unemployment benefits are STILL counted as unemployed so long as PEOPLE are still looking for work . 
How many times do I have to say NO ? 
You quoted the link that proves yourself wrong . 
Seriously ... SOURCE takes the motion of one index finger and a little reading time to learn and you still refuse to do so ! 
I posted the link . 
I was told SOURCE was a BS source . 
I reiterated the link can not be a BS source because the source is straight from the horse 's mouth . 
The BLS is responsible for counting unemployment . 
I was still told I was wrong . 
So I posted the link again and copyed and pasted the exact section that proves I right . 
Since you STILL can not read after going to the EXACT section SECTION proves I right I will now copy and past the EXACT PARAGRAPH that proves I right . 
If you ca n't even read a paragraph then you really do n't belong on this forum . 
http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/cps\/cps_htgm.htm#where 
CURRENTPOSTID 1180
You just posted a link about Obama 's birth certificate that I proved was BS ... double standards ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1181
Great point , I have a trading Acc . 
I wish I had a 25 % gain in that ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1182
Then what is motivating you to be racist ? 
Oh , that 's right , you are n't , you just sound racist . 
Conservative ? 
Some conservatives are racist , even though CONSERVATIVES do n't claim to be Republican . 
Like Ron Paul , PAUL claims to be Independent , but runs on the Republican ticket ? 
INDEPENDENT would be nice to replace incumbents from both parties with impartial , unbiased , non-racist incumbents , but soon you find that even the ones calling INCUMBENTS Independents have ONES own special warts . 
And extremes on both sides are insane and out of touch with reality , but recently the Republican party has grown a whole slew of INCUMBENTS , INCUMBENTS call INCUMBENTS `` Tea Party '' ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1183
Birthers will never accept Obama 's birth certificate , no matter how official and authentic CERTIFICATE is . 
That 's your problem not Obama 's . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1184
Seems to me Reps flip-flop on what they want . 
Not to long ago Palin and McCain were both for cap and trade , now THEY are against CAP ! 
Is that the same with you ? 
If McCain had won , you 'd be all for SAME , right ? 
Sarah Palin 's Flip-Flop on Cap-and-TradePOSTED BY CLOE ON JULY 20 , 2009 AT 08:01 PMSince Sarah Palin announced that she d be resigning SHE post as Alaska s governor -LRB- 16 month early -RRB- a couple of weeks ago , ON s made FLIP-FLOP clear that ON plans to spend more time traveling around the lower 48 states . 
True to task , on Tuesday Palin had an oped in the Washington Post articulating AN opposition to President Obama s energy plan which includes a cap-and-trade program that would allow industrial sources to buy and sell pollution permits . 
But TUESDAY looks like AN s a little unclear on what AN policy positions are . 
During the campaign , McCain-Palin campaign literature -LRB- check CAMPAIGN out below -RRB- and the candidate AN -LRB- see the video -RRB- sang a totally different tune . 
THEN : They -LRB- McCain-Palin -RRB- have proposed a cap-and-trade system that would reduce greenhouse gas emissions while encouraging the development of low-cost compliance options . 
A climate cap-and-trade mechanism would set a limit on greenhouse gas emissions and allow entities to buy and sell rights to emit , similar to the successful acid rain trading program of the early 1990s . 
The key feature of this mechanism is that FEATURE allows the market to decide and encourage the lowest-cost compliance options . 
NOW : Palin wants to responsibly tap the resources that God created right underfoot on American soil and drill in the pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . 
http:\/\/www.democrats.org\/a\/2009\/07\/sarah_palins_fl.php 
CURRENTPOSTID 1185
Double standards ? 
Every birther arguement has been proven beyond a doubt to be false . 
No court in this country has even accepted a birther case because they are so mind numbingly void of evidence . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1186
What you liberals interpret as `` extremes '' are everyone that does not share your beautiful and fine sounding but impossible Utopian dreams . 
`` Everything for Everybody , '' would be the end result for all liberals . 
Well certainly RESULT would be wonderful if everyone was free from want and need and WORK . 
But that is not only impossible , RESULT is impossible in the `` extreme . 
`` And the Tea Party IS the American Silent Majority finding RESULT voice . 
Libs . 
ca n't understand that and reject that simple TRUTH . 
IS the ` tea party ' a mixed bag ? 
Certainly AMERICA is , AMERICA AMERICA . 
Standing up for actual VALUES instead of ` dreaming impossible dreams . 
`` Should libs FEAR the Silent Majority ? 
Oh very YES . 
Not for violence , but because YES means the end of liberalism and progressiveness . 
And will re-establish the idea of rewards for hard work and accomplishment instead of rewarding mediocrity and abject whining . 
Out of touch with reality ? 
Missouri voted 71 &#37; against obummercare . 
Gibbs said , to paraphrase , `` doan mean nuttin . '' 
That was what was said in Vietnam to avoid reality . 
Reid said . 
The more people learn about the health care bill , the better PEOPLE like BILL . 
That is BOTH untrue and out of touch with reality . 
So Gibbs and Reid are both out of touch with reality or both intentional liars . 
And most likely BOTH are Both . 
And Gallup , not FOX , not Rasmussen , now has obummer 's approval at 41 % for vs 57 % AGAINST . 
2 more points on BO 's consistent and constant downward spiral and we break into the 30 's . 
Wonder how many Dems will ask for BO campaign help when BO 's in the 30 's ?? 
They 'll be `` BUSY , '' when BO comes to town . 
A $ 6.00 a plate fund raiser at Burger King is not far off . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1187
You find a self serving piece on the DEMOCRATS.ORG . 
site ! 
How much credence would you put in any article from the Republican Party website ?? 
Way less than zero I would imagine . 
And Snopes does not back up that article . 
Shall we link something from Breitbart to condemn libs ? 
Or use as neutral standing sites as possible ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1188
If you want to have fun with these morons post the links to the communist party USA web site and Obama 's agenda , or DNC platform etc. ... . 
and see if MORONS can find any differences . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1189
Errr what ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1190
lol wow ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1192
I dont like McCain hes to liberal for I and you are right MCCAIN does flip flop hes a typical , out for MCCAIN politician . 
I hate all hidden forms of taxes like crap and trade ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1194
Sure there has been a change . 
Spending is even more out of control , 3 times more . 
And a number of useless and unwanted and unworkable laws have been rammed through using parliamentary tricks , bribes , and coercion and 100 % partisan politics . 
The whole world now thinks the USA is a silly joke instead of an international leader . 
Instead of listening to US , now the world ignores US OR tells us what to do and how to act . 
Plenty of change , just NONE good . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1195
WEALTH 've already asked if there is a difference between the idea of `` Redistribute the Wealth . '' 
The mantra of B.O. And the tenet of , `` From each according to AND ability , To each according to B.O. need . '' 
The BASIC plank in the Communist Platform . 
Those two statements are identical in meaning . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1196
I do n't have any issue with the communist motto `` From each according to EACH ability to each according to EACH need '' That sounds like a good way to form tax policy . 
Give the most to the neediest . 
Nothing wrong with that . 
But if you believe that to be representative of Communist platform you are sorely mistaken . 
Nothing about Obama and the democrat 's platform even remotely resembles communism . 
You could not be further from the truth on that aspect . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1198
Your absolute most foolish and naive post to date . 
This is scary in THIS misguided innocence and horrific in THIS inherent dangers . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1199
Are you going to tell me there is something wrong with tax money going to people who need the assistance ? 
Especially in a bad recession ? 
Because every economist agrees that the best way to get out of a recession fast -LRB- especially in this one where consumer demand is low -RRB- is to shift wealth to the poor as fast as possible to get money flowing again . 
The only people who are foolish are those who believe otherwise . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1200
What a bunch of BS . 
You 'll have to prove that one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1201
I would think the proof would be in the fact that largest economic crash since the great depression -LRB- and probably even larger than that -RRB- was quickly ended less than a year after the stimulus bill . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1202
Giving unearned money to the poor and to people hurt by the recession are two different things . 
People who are down on POOR luck , out of a job , due to no fault of POOR own deserve help . 
People who are lazy and do not try to look for work are a whole different story . 
Just saying give the money to the poor will stimulate the economy is incorrect . 
How many of the lazy will spend that money on drugs ? 
Want to spend some money on the lazy ? 
Take this old proverb into reality , instead of giving a man food a fish to eat each day , teach him to fish and HIM can provide for HIM for ever . 
-LRB- maybe not exact , but WE should get the point -RRB- If we just continually give , people have initiative to become an asset to this Country . 
Curious ? 
If BO just gave all 110 million taxpayers an equal cut of the Trillions BO has spent in the last 19 months , how much would everyone have to invest into the economy , that makes a lot more sense than than re-distributing the wealth to non-supporters of of our CountryBack to the OP , I would not vote for BO in a million years ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1203
Please post a link to every economist to prove your assertion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1204
Fortunately this is not the case for most people on welfare or food stamps . 
70 % of those who get on welfare return to work eventually . 
And the average time off work for those on welfare is only 3 years . 
The combination of welfare and foodstamps the average recipient recieves is not enough to put yourself above the poverty line . 
Most people if given a choice are not going to want to continue living like that . 
And those that do decide to are often taken off such programs like unemployment benefits . 
Laziness is not a problem with the poor and middle class . 
Most poor are extremely hard working people who have not been given the proper tools and education to succeed . 
AMOUNT 's not an exorbident amount of money we 're giving PEOPLE . 
WE 're giving PEOPLE enough for food . 
WE 're giving PEOPLE enough to support a family at bare minimum needs . 
And in some cases WE 're giving PEOPLE a job . 
As I said before . 
Most people who get on welfare want nothing more than to get off . 
STYLE 's a below the poverty line life style and STYLE 's no way to raise a family or even live on your own . 
No that would n't make more sense because there are people that do not need the extra money and would just put STYLE in PEOPLE rainy day fund . 
The big corporate leaders are n't going to use that money to hire more people since demand is so low NO does n't warrant hiring more people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1205
My post was in re : your wholehearted endorsement of Communism . 
Evidently Liberalism is now Communism for those that can not spell Communism . 
The philosophies are the same . 
TAKE from those who have , Give to those who have not earned . 
As far as your post above and FAR attempt to change the subject . 
Those that can see the extremely obvious FACT that B.O. 's policies have NOT recovered the economy even enough for REAL job creation to keep up with population growth . 
Are not foolish . 
Unemployment claims are up again . 
There was a little drop for a few weeks but now DROP on the rise again . 
AND the BLS once again said that the rate maintained at 9.5 % because ANOTHER 187,000 formerly unemployed , exhausted UNEMPLOYED benefits and DROPPED OUT of the labor market . 
Not MY words , or RNC 's words or Rush 's words , this comes straight from the BLS . 
Is the economy better ? 
Yes ECONOMY is very MARGINALLY better . 
obummer and the Stimulus ? 
No , could be any reason for the minuscule improvement . 
And trying to claim that NO `` enlightened '' policies resulted in an all but invisible improvement IS FOOLISH . 
Wonder if Roemer , ROEMER main economic adviser QUIT or was FIRED this week . 
A really intelligent person in charge would NOT be trying to take credit for such little results of MASSIVE spending . 
Give obummer credit for all the jobs PERSON CLAIMS to have `` Created '' and WONDER works out to over Half a MILLION Dollars per job . 
At that rate , a ROBUST economy will cost us Quadrillions , not Trillions . 
Great economy , impoverished country . 
Not a gain . 
More and more , day by day , the population of the USA is realizing that obum is completely mired in purely ideological agendas that have nothing to do with the responsibility of Governing . 
DREAMER is an incompetent dreamer or worse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1206
I think there 's a difference , mainly in scale . 
Even Adam Smith advocated `` redistributing wealth '' in the form of a progressive tax structure . 
Our federal tax bracket is the lowest BRACKET 's been in decades . 
The main idea behind Communism , in theory , was to provide total economic equality because of the huge amount of inequality that Marx witnessed . 
The only way to do that in an existing system of government is to not tax the lower classes and tax the upper class 100 % , caps on income , etc. . 
I do n't see anything like that coming from the Obama administration . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1207
Your inability to see the obvious is not the subject . 
Economic Equality is an oxymoron . 
Some have the ability to become wealthy , some do not . 
We have equality of opportunity . 
All have the opportunity to make the attempt at wealth . 
Wealth CAN NOT be given to those that have not and can not earn CAN . 
Money can be given to THOSE and Trillions have been . 
THOSE waste CAN one way or another . 
The more you take from the wealthy , the more you damage everyone , including the poor . 
NO wealthy person has WEALTHY stack of money locked in a vault . 
The money is always in action in the economy . 
Invigorating the economy and creating jobs , NOT sitting and shrinking from inflation . 
That IS the only way ECONOMY can grow . 
And that benefits the poor MORE than giving them dollars to be wasted . 
BHO has the incredible blessing of historical timing . 
BHO has done NOTHING of note with BHO life before or after being elected to political office , including the present position . 
A was a do nothing state rep. A do nothing Federal Senator , and now a do nothing -LRB- good -RRB- president . 
But A came from nowhere in 2008 in a political vacuum . 
And now timing blesses A again with unusually low inflation . 
Notice that no lib . 
is blaming Bush for that . 
Inflation is very low , artificially low . 
If we were running even normal inflation rates , calls for impeachment would already have been heard . 
BO 's failed economic policy does not show up as bad as they are , due to very low inflation . 
BHO has had more political luck and blessing than any politician in the last 100 years . 
BHO has no skills for governing , just luck . 
BHO has wasted every bit of LUCK . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1208
And how does any of this relate to your claim that `` redistribution of wealth '' and `` From each according to FROM ability , to each according to FROM need '' is the same ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1209
I do n't recall endorsing communism . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1210
Liberals do n't recognize history . 
Everybody knows that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1211
Again , how is this relevant to anything ? 
Throwing out random bits of nonsense wo n't get you anywhere . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1212
Random bits of nonsense ? 
I can not argue with an expert in that field . 
And all liberals are experts at random bits of nonsense . 
But the pendulum is swinging away from the utter nonsense of liberalism and back to the logic of conservatism . 
PENDULUM will take a few more years but your day in the sun is ending . 
Once again actual accomplishments will be rewarded and there will be no more rewards for being a parasite on society . 
If one 's accomplishments are meager , so then will their rewards be equally meager . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1213
Using fallacious arguments over and over and over again would n't exactly ensure that you are above using nonsense , and arrogantly trying to portray that I do as such , even though , out of the two of us , I 'm the only one even attempting to further discuss the topic at hand . 
I 'm terribly sorry that you ca n't manage to support your own position , but POSITION 's no reason to be unnecessarily antagonistic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1214
The reality of the country around us supports my position perfectly and completely negates yours . 
MY have no need to prove the obvious while you have no possibility of disproving the ridiculousness of liberalism . 
NEED is what NEED is . 
Liberals have had LIBERALS run most all of the 20th Century . 
RUN did n't work . 
Your time is gone . 
The transition will take a bit but TRANSITION is time for liberals to fade into the background . 
Sadly at some time in the future , the pendulum will swing back your way . 
MY 'll be gone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1215
Bwahahaha ! 
You 've been watching Faux News too long . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1216
Conservatives keep rewriting history , everybody knows that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1217
Sigh , shifting the wealth ... again , how is that correct , responsible , and ethical ? 
Oh wait SIGH 's not . 
You are TAKING from one to give something to another that did nothing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1218
Yeah like Clinton 's mythical Budget surplus that every Democrat never fails to mention . 
What they do not mention is that Clinton COOPERATED with a Republican Congress to come close to balancing the budget . 
And that in no fiscal year of Clinton 's Presidency did the national debt come down . 
THAT went up every year ! 
Altho in small amounts that we would love to have today . 
But spending was NEVER so controlled that the interest on the debt did not cause the debt to increase . 
Interest IS part of the problem and must be counted same as reckless spending . 
But again kudos to Clinton and the Republicans for as well as they did . 
We could use that cooperation today . 
Just one small example of true history that Dems and libs seem to get wrong constantly . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1219
You 're being charged to live in one of the greatest countries in America . 
ONE 's the only way to pay for such freedom that 's fair . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1220
And how much are the Takers being charged and by whom . 
HALF of our `` greatest country '' GETS while the other half GIVES . 
And you profess that is Right ??? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1221
Part of living in this great country means if the proper channels are filed no one should ever starve in this country . 
You might be giving right now . 
But if God forbid you fall into a situation where you ca n't afford food any longer you will be thankful to be in a country where you can get tax assistance as well . 
I 'm sorry you 'd rather live in a country where we allow people to starve because of PEOPLE financial situation . 
But thankfully WE are a land of freedom . 
Not greed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1222
As always the liberal Utopian dreams sound beautiful , but they DO NOT stand up to reality . 
HALF this country ARE parasites living QUITE WELL off the half that are responsible hard working citizens . 
And of the half that are parasites , LESS THAN 10 &#37; approach anything that could be called REAL poverty . 
And only a tiny percentage EVER go to bed HUNGRY . 
Most are over nourished on junk food and grossly FAT ! 
Starving is nearly NON-EXISTENT in this country . 
Freeloading is a life career for half the country . 
THAT , is the reason I object . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1223
Really ? 
So you being on food stamps or a bridge card -LRB- I forget which one you are on -RRB- , while I work 2 jobs to pay for I college , etc. . 
. 
is ok , while you do n't have a job . 
How is this fair again ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1224
It 's fair because A. I 'm probably in a lot more debt . 
And B. You can probably afford more things . 
And C. If the bridge card did n't exist I can all but guarantee you would not have your 2 jobs right now in this economy . 
And if you did C. would be for a lot less money . 
And D. Even someone working 2 jobs could get a bridge card if they wanted to and THEY make less than the required money . 
I suggest you stop whining and apply . 
D. 'll make your life easier and D. will benefit the economy . 
I roommate has 3 jobs and that 's not enough for ROOMMATE to be able to afford rent because ROOMMATE also cares for ROOMMATE parents . 
ROOMMATE qualify for food stamps as well . 
Here you can do 3 online ! 
https:\/\/www.mibridges.michigan.gov\/access\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 1225
1 -RRB- Said he was against the middle eastern war , said that HE would start pulling troops out at the beginning , instead HE sent more than bush did -LRB- FACT -RRB- . 
HE said HE was against The Patriot act but voted for ACT .2 -RRB- In HE healthcare bill , HE used backdoor meetings to secure votes by unions etc. . 
The bill ACT was changed multiple times before republicans could properly read BILL , and democrats as well .3 -RRB- Is going to let Bush tax cuts expire , which is going to increase taxes . 
BUSH administration has announced tax increases due to the healthcare bill , and thats for everyone . 
REPUBLICANS are purposing to add a VAT tax while not eliminating any others -LRB- Thats an increase of taxes -RRB- .4 -RRB- BUSH has spent more money in 2 years than bush did in 8.5 -RRB- Used BUSH the position of BUSH politicl party to strong arm obama care through before most congress had even read INCREASE , before any of the american people had read INCREASE and despite the strong resistance from the entire country .6 -RRB- Instead of supporting our country 's sovereignty , BUSH choses to sue the state that takes matters that the federal government is obligated to do as the federal government . 
etc. . 
Bottom line , there is someone WAY better out there , LINE doesnt matter if LINE only 2 years in , there is someone WAY better . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1228
So how is your decision to make debt for yourself a defense ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1229
You think CHOICE 's my choice to be in more debt ? 
If MY could handle 2 jobs and college MY would . 
But MY ca n't . 
Kudos to anyone that can . 
But MY ca n't . 
School has never been easy for MY . 
And MY grades drop to unacceptable levels when MY have work . 
That 's why MY work summer jobs . 
His ability to work 2 jobs while going to school is great . 
HIS will see much greater financial rewards than MY will as a result . 
That 's what is fair about RESULT . 
HIS hard work pays off in the end . 
Where as MY will have to work harder later to pay off MY debts . 
But HIS would rather MY choice be between starving or flunking school . 
Sorry . 
MY am glad our country is not the greedy cesspool country HIS wants COUNTRY to be . 
MY 'm glad OUR have the freedom to go to school without worrying too much about financial needs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1230
Are you incapable of thinking in long term ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1231
The banks were bailed out before BUSH was elected . 
That was Bush . 
And you better thank your lucky stars BUSH did . 
Or we 'd be in a depression . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1232
He said HE was against the Iraq war . 
HE has shrunk the number of troops in Iraq . 
HE said HE was for the afghan war . 
HE has increased the amount of troops in Afghanistan and Pakistan . 
Nothing HE has done with troop levels contradicts what HE campaigned on . 
The healthcare bill was passed through perfectly legal passages . 
And the unions did not vote on the issue . 
Most peoples taxes have gone down . 
That 's a fact . 
lol Not at all true . 
The healthcare bill was in congress for more than 8 months . 
If your republican leaders ca n't read a bill in 8 months you really have to wonder why LEADERS are your leaders . 
LEADERS crossed the line of LEADERS constitutional powers as a state . 
LEADERS deserve the law suit against LEADERS . 
Who ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1235
Are you incapable for comprehending the question ? 
The point is that if POINT is not to be started in 2014 , why does POINT need to be passed in 2010 ? 
If POINT for the purpose of collecting taxes for 4 years to kick start the benefits in 2014 then POINT a completely flawed idea . 
Give tax money for 4 years , so YEARS will build up , so they can provide you universal healthcare ? 
Thats something only uneducated people will understand . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1236
How does this contradict what THIS or Obama said . 
Obama campaigned on increasing the troops on Afghanistan . 
It was one of his campaign promises to increase troops in Afghanistan . 
Labor unions did not vote for this bill . 
Congressmen and women did . 
Your source is an opinion piece that right from the get go states PIECE 's bias against liberal politicians . 
Which apparently POLITICIANS think Obama is ... even though OBAMA policies are pretty far from liberal . 
Yes . 
Bush spent more in 8 years than Obama spent in 2 . 
That was your claim . 
HUNDREDS are STILL spending hundreds of billions in the unjustified and unnecessary war in Iraq that Bush started . 
Obama has no such power to do that . 
Please read a basic civics book and learn the powers of the branches of government before complaining about what Obama did . 
Your `` research '' is nothing but opinion articles that fit your view of the world . 
THIS do n't think you understand what research is . 
Research is raw numbers and data . 
THIS saw no budget charts . 
THIS saw no evidence to back any of your claims . 
All you provided is that there is someone somewhere on the internet that agrees with you . 
Not that difficult to do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1237
I have 3 Saudi-Arabian exchange students that live next door to I . 
I am good friends with STUDENTS . 
FRIENDS government gives FRIENDS plenty of money since FRIENDS government actually values education unlike ours . 
FRIENDS can live very comfortably without working . 
If FRIENDS do n't put up the grades , FRIENDS get sent back home . 
FRIENDS system of education works much better than OURS . 
Do n't talk to I about going to college without having to worry to much about financial needs . 
Hell yes I am worried about money while in college and you should be too . 
That 's why I am working 2 jobs and transferring to a local university , so I can save money . 
Maybe you should consider . 
Also , both I jobs would be there if HELL was n't for the criminal redistribution of wealth by food stamps\/bridge programs . 
Bottom line , YOU country does next to nothing to value education . 
That 's why LINE 's outrageously expensive . 
You ca n't get -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- for loans unless your parents are poor or MINORITY are a minority . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1238
agreed all these angry conservatives whining about working hard , pick a fruit from obamas tree and settle down . 
FRUIT all helps the economy and makes life easier 
CURRENTPOSTID 1239
Everyone qualifies for obamas assistance including whites , maybe if conservatives research more WHITES will be better able to get educated . 
Recent data shows most students going to college are on food stamps and some type of government assistance , anyone with low income qualifies for COLLEGE . 
Vote for Obama and democrats to help yourselves . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1240
Obama just took over the college loan system to pay for the health care , which means the government will no longer have any competition for loans . 
Which means stupidly high rate loans to take out . 
Middle class whites receive nothing other than -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- t un-subsidized loans . 
I doubt you know what that is though . 
Also , where is this recent data that shows this ? 
I 'm in college , most people are not on government assistance other than loans . 
I will never vote for Obama either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1241
I work hard . 
The people whining are the people taking MY money . 
Do n't bite the hand that feeds . 
Of course YOU would criticize people for working hard . 
YOU would tell I to not work hard and let the government provide for I . 
People not working helps the economy ?! 
You got one thing right ... THING makes your life easier . 
I am just in awe at how lazy people are . 
I 'm not going to work so I will just let the taxpayers pay for I meals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1242
middle class whites do n't need taxpayer loans , WHITES live with WHITES parents . 
most government loans are given to independent students who make WHITES own way , these are the people that need extra help with food stamps and government assistance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1243
the bridge program allows for the working poor people to get food stamps and assistance because PEOPLE do n't live with PEOPLE parents and actually have rent to pay along with PEOPLE other expenses . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1244
Go ahead and try to support THAT premise . 
link ? 
proof ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1245
Where does obama get the money ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1246
Is the clustered package of Republican ideas better than the clustered package of Democratic ideas ? 
Not if one of those ideas includes tax breaks to the rich ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1247
Generally government loans are cheaper rates because they are partially paid for by tax payers . 
YOU consider YOU family middle class . 
YOU parents make about 40-50k a year . 
YOU got tons of subsidized loans . 
YOU think you 'd be surprised . 
All 4 of YOU room mates are on food stamps . 
Many members of YOU apartment complex YOU 've spoken to are on food stamps . 
And quite a few of YOU friends are as well . 
And YOU 've been nudging a few people to get food stamps as well . 
COMPLEX just makes things easier . 
Even you ... with 2 jobs ... could qualify for food stamps . 
If you make less than 1000 a month then chances are you qualify for the full benefit of $ 200 a month . 
Which is more than enough to eat and eat healthy . 
YOU highly suggest you take the opportunity to sign up . 
Think of OPPORTUNITY as taking some of your tax money back . 
https:\/\/www.mibridges.michigan.gov\/access\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 1248
Newsflah : We 're still in a recession . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1249
The Dems were incapable of reading apparently . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1250
It is amazing that you know SO little about the United States that you could type the above and believe ANY of TYPE is a good thing . 
A true American that understands how America MUST function KNOWS that one must try to fix themselves AND try to help THEMSELVES country , NOT the other way around . 
Your way MUST FAIL . 
Thr right way was clearly stated by a Democrat . 
JFK . 
JFK said , `` Ask NOT what your country can do for YOUR , ASK what YOUR can do for YOUR country ! 
`` Instead of recommending others to ALSO become freeloaders , LOSER should be condemning the idea of taking anything from the Government unless LOSER need is dire . 
And needing ANOTHER color TV and a high speed Internet connection are NOT dire needs for any person on the planet . 
Not one . 
The country and the economy are only benefited when each of us contribute . 
2 people spending one person 's money DOES NOT put a single penny more into the economy . 
It just means the hard worker has less and the freeloader has more . 
When JFK went to college JFK was married , had 2 baby sons , worked a full time job , and carried a full load of credits , and still found time to do a Friday beer night with frat brothers twice a month . 
Where that energy came from JFK do n't remember -LRB- wish JFK had ENERGY now -RRB- . 
Grades were good , not spectacular but good . 
No food stamps , no welfare , no help from anywhere including our parents . 
Who would have been happy to help , but what OUR were doing was what OUR chose to do and if OUR could not do HELP on OUR own , HELP was on OUR . 
JFK would have been ASHAMED to even think about any Government money . 
Taking Government money means that LOSER are a loser and a parasite on society . 
NOTHING ELSE ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1251
No we are n't 
CURRENTPOSTID 1252
Sure we are . 
wikipediaIn economics , a recession is a business cycle contraction , a general slowdown in economic activity over a period of time . 
-LRB- 1 -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- During recessions , many macroeconomic indicators vary in a similar way . 
Production as measured by Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- , employment , investment spending , capacity utilization , household incomes , business profits and inflation all fall during recessions ; while bankruptcies and the unemployment rate rise . 
Recessions are generally believed to be caused by a widespread drop in spending . 
Governments usually respond to recessions by adopting expansionary macroeconomic policies , such as increasing money supply , increasing government spending and decreasing taxation . 
and DOWNTURN could be truthfully argued that we 're in a depression : wikipediaDepressionIn economics , a depression is a sustained , long-term downturn in economic activity in one or more economies . 
DOWNTURN is a more severe downturn than a recession , which is seen by economists as part of a normal business cycle . 
Considered a rare and extreme form of recession , a depression is characterized by FORM length , and by abnormally large increases in unemployment , falls in the availability of credit quite often due to some kind of banking\/financial crisis , shrinking output and investment , numerous bankruptcies including sovereign debt defaults , significantly reduced amounts of trade and commerce especially international , as well as highly volatile relative currency value fluctuations most often due to devaluations . 
Price deflation , financial crises and bank failures are also common elements of a depression . 
Of course the government will tell you that everything is great and we 're doing just fine and indicators show that WE 're pulling out of GOVERNMENT and all of our measures have worked and ... blah blah ... etc. . 
. 
lies ... etc. . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1253
Wikipedia is not a good source . 
The definition of recession is 2 consecutive quarters of economic decline . 
We 've been experiencing economic growth . 
And everything is n't fine and the government is n't claiming that . 
WE are in the very early stages of a recovery and facing the possibility of a double dip recession . 
No one is claiming WE are in a good position . 
But WE are n't by any means in a recession . 
The recession ended officially early this year . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1254
yes wiki is n't a good source for some things . 
a definition , however , is n't negotiable . 
The economy has expanded a miniscule amount . 
. 
but no. . 
NO. has n't begun to climb back anywhere near where NO. was . 
That 's government spin to claim NO. is now growing . 
That 's like a team that ca n't stop the pass giving up 500 yards in the air and then bragging `` look we held them to 10 yards rushing '' . 
. 
. 's deception . 
. 
. 's like saying if we had n't given away 700 billion dollars the economy would REALLY be bad right now . 
WE saved . ! 
... hahahah . 
. 
right . 
. 
What other parts of those definitions of `` depression '' and `` recession '' are wrong ? 
They look pretty solid to me . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1255
OK , here is an actual non political dictionary 's version . 
re &#183; ces &#183; sion 1 -LRB- r-sshn -RRB- n. 1 . 
The act of withdrawing or going back .2 . 
An extended decline in general business activity , typically two consecutive quarters of falling real gross national product . 
de &#183; pres &#183; sion -LRB- d-prshn -RRB- n. 6 . 
Economicsa . 
A period of drastic decline in a national or international economy , characterized by decreasing business activity , falling prices , and unemployment . 
depression -LRB- d &#618; &#712; pr &#603; &#643; &#601; n -RRB- 5 . 
-LRB- Economics -RRB- an economic condition characterized by substantial and protracted unemployment , low output and investment , etc. ; slumpRegardless of what label anyone puts on CONDITION , the economy is not good . 
An `` advertised '' rate of unemployment of 9.5 &#37; and a real rate closer to 20 % ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1256
You 've got it all wrong . 
It is good that you work hard , and you should expect the government to recognize that , instead of taking your money and giving MONEY to the very wealthy , those who do n't work at all . 
GOVERNMENT is known as corporate welfare , and the amount of welfare spent on the poor is a drop in the bucket compared to the amount spent on the wealthy . 
Yet the GOP has convinced GOP members that poor people suck all the money out of the government . 
Corporate welfare-the enormous and myriad subsidies , bailouts , giveaways , tax loopholes , debt revocations , loan guarantees , discounted insurance and other benefits conferred by government on business-is a function of political corruption . 
Corporate welfare programs siphon funds from appropriate public investments , subsidize companies ripping minerals from federal lands , enable pharmaceutical companies to gouge consumers , perpetuate anti-competitive oligopolistic markets , injure our national security , and weaken OUR democracy . 
At a time when the national GDP is soaring , one in five children lives in deep poverty , one might expect that a public effort to curtail welfare would focus on cutting big handouts to rich corporations , not small supports for poor individuals . 
But somehow the invocations of the need for stand-on-your-own-two-feet responsibility do not apply to large corporations . 
At a time when even growing federal budget surpluses do not persuade OUR nation 's political leaders to devote public resources to repairing and enhancing the built elements of OUR commonwealth-such as the nation 's schools , bridges , clinics , roads , drinking water systems , courthouses , public transportation systems , and water treatment facilities-one might expect to see calls to divert taxpayer monies from flowing into private corporate hands and instead direct LEADERS to crying public needs . 
But somehow the cramped federal budget-as well as similarly situated state and local budgets-always has room for another corporate welfare program . 
http:\/\/www.thirdworldtraveler.com\/Na...are_Nader.html Lots of people are lazy . 
Even some that work and claim PEOPLE work hard . 
Too assume that all people that do n't work are lazy is just plain ignorance . 
We are all aware of the economic crisis WE have been in and how many people lost SOME jobs . 
Many are trying really hard to get jobs , and some of MANY are reps and cons and some are dems . 
The recession does n't play favorites . 
But to ignore the poor people while allowing corporations -LRB- who pay PEOPLE CEO 's big bonuses -RRB- , to continue and take advantage of Americans is just plain wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1257
And by that definition we are NOT in a recession . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1258
Have to agree with you . 
depression -LRB- d &#618; &#712; pr &#603; &#643; &#601; n -RRB- 5 . 
-LRB- Economics -RRB- an economic condition characterized by substantial and protracted unemployment , low output and investment , etc. ; slumpNot a recession , but a depression . 
substantial and protracted unemployment -- CHECK , we got that . 
low output and investment , etc. -- CHECK , WE got that . 
slump -- Check , yes obummer 's been in one since inauguration day . 
DEPRESSION , PLAIN AND SIMPLE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1259
Depression is a type of recession . 
So if we are n't a recession then WE are n't a depression . 
http:\/\/www.economist.com\/research\/ec...514#depression 
CURRENTPOSTID 1261
Chug that liberal Kool-Aid . 
B.O. BLEW a TRILLION on trying to create jobs at about a Million bucks a pop and B.O. did that because we are not even in a recession ??? 
You ca n't see your own contradictions ?? 
------------------------ EVERYBODY ELSE CAN . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1264
Call it what you want . 
The economy , jobs , and housing market all suck . 
The Fed is also set to downgrade their economic outlook for the U.S. economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1265
It is so sad for you guys . 
Bush is gone and BUSH is n't coming back . 
Sometime you WILL be able to see that obummer IS spending 3 times faster than Bush did . 
As bad as OBUMMER was , `` The obamination , '' is much much worse . 
OBAMINATION am certain that when OBAMINATION is defeated or impeached , whichever comes first , the liberal left is going to crucify OBAMINATION without any mercy at all . 
FIRST will make all our conservative griping seem like a love fest when the liberals finally ca n't stand OBAMINATION anymore . 
AND AND IS HAPPENING NOW , NOW NOW ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1266
the conservatives have it hard through college because CONSERVATIVES make IT hard on CONSERVATIVES , either through ignorance of government help or pride not to ask for help . 
either way IT stupid . 
ask not what you can do for your government , but what your government can do for you . 
Vote Obama 2012 
CURRENTPOSTID 1267
Spoken like a true worthless freeloader that wants to steal my money . 
Without MY money your giveaway government collapses into chaos . 
And you can only steal money from those who earn MONEY for so long and then THOSE stop you , from everything , because THOSE ARE both willing to work and you 're not , and THOSE actually are much smarter than you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1268
Completely not true . 
Please back this up with a link . 
There is also NOT ONE WAY I can claim independence or I would ... I could then go to college anywhere for free . 
If I parents give I nothing , why do students from poor families whose parents give STUDENTS nothing need food stamps more than I ? 
Or free money for college ? 
I did n't live with I parents last year , I had to pay for rent and food ... so way to assume . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1269
If they do n't pay for rent then its called independent and eligible for Obama help , why post a contradiction in the same post ? 
Most qualify for assistance but do n't apply , the previous posters posted links start researching for government handouts . 
There out there for those who need ITS , the rich white people are paying for us . 
Vote Obama 2012 
CURRENTPOSTID 1270
In all of the posts I 've ever seen you make , I do n't think I 've ever seen you post a link to a credible source , much less a link at all . 
I mean , I guess this is n't the best place for PLACE , but PLACE 's late , I 'm a little depressed , and I feel like finally telling you what I think . 
Your arguments are ignorant and fallacious , you never listen to logic , I mean , assuming you are n't a conservative trying to make liberals look bad , PERSON are possibly the most ignorant person I have ever seen ! 
You are completely close minded , and it seems almost unreal that you can post over 3,000 posts on this forum and your mind still be a closed shell ! 
Your seeming utopia of a world is incredibly flawed , and I think deep inside , you know UTOPIA . 
-LRB- This is all still assuming you are n't posing as a liberal -RRB- . 
I am sorry , but YOU ARE WRONG ! 
I am not suprised that you are just into your 2nd bar of rep. \/ rantSorry mods , I just had to get that off I chest . 
If you think I went overboard , feel free to edit\/delete BAR . 
I 'm going to bed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1271
why was this thread closed for trolling OP ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1272
Way to reply and deflect . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1273
Its apparently not open to people who have n't made up their minds . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1274
right because no one changes their minds in two years , or even cares who the republican candidate is . 
THEY all just make up THEY minds before hand and never change any of THEY opinions ... THEY also do not know how to not have an opinion and THEY know who THEY will vote for 2 years in advance . 
After all the next 2 years mean nothing anyway right ? 
, THEY `` change '' nothing , nor do THEY have `` hope '' of anything new and good happening . 
Everything is just doomed to stay as is . 
There is no way anything good or bad could happen that would change THEY opinions . 
Uncertainty is not an option , maybe is not an option . 
Either you sell the next two years short and give up and -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- the guy or you praise GUY and buy into what hes saying . 
Either way this poll fails as WAY usually not smart to be dead set on who your going to vote for till at least both candidates are announced , and most of the term is over . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1277
Sure it is . 
IT will be here when you make up your mind . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1278
... or , eight years of Obama may plunge us into the depths of Hell . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1279
Possibly , but we wo n't see the effects of many of the Obama administration policies for years , and I 'd like to see how the stimulus , change of war focus , bailouts , financial and health reform play out before changing horses in midstream . 
WE had eight Republican years and witnessed how things turned out , let 's give the Democrats eight and compare . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1280
Many folks who dissect Obama 's policies see bad things happening . 
That is why FOLKS want to change course - Administrations . 
Throwing more and more taxpayer money at problems will not make FOLKS go away . 
I 'm afraid we can not afford another Obama term . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1281
Let 's not and say 'S did , OK ?? 
'S had forty years straight of Democrat rule that started this whole pile of sh \* t in the first place ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1282
Who told you that ? 
Prior to Obama , we have had Republican administrations for 20 out of the past 28 years and Republican control of Congress for 14 of the previous 16 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1283
Whoever sits in the oval office signs or does n't sign the laws that Congress -LRB- The Lawmaking Body -RRB- passes . 
If the President will not sign a bill , Congress has the power to pass BILL anyway if they get enough members to vote to override a veto . 
Now that you know or have been reminded of that , Democrats HAVE BEEN in power for the last 4 years . 
A Democrat controlled Congress passed TARP , and the Stimulus , and obummercare , and the Financial Regulation Reform , and the most recent $ 26 Billion bailout of the states that wasted the most money . 
In 4 years THEY have jacked up the National Debt about $ 4,000,000,000,000.00 -LRB- $ 4 TRILLION -RRB- So that is what THEY 've done in 4 of the 8 years you want THEY to have . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1284
To override a veto to pass a law anyway requires 2\/3 vote in both houses of Congress . 
Now that you know or have been reminded of that , Democrats HAVE NOT HAD a 2\/3 majority in any of the last 4 years . 
Therefore , the Democratic Congress could not pass laws that the Republicans opposed to address things like the National Debt that you conservatives are suddenly so concerned about . 
Where were you guys in 2001 while the Bush administration was squandering the surplus with tax cuts . 
Supporting deficits then . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1286
You need to research where our Government actually gets GOVERNMENT income tax revenue and stop reciting the big liberal lie . 
The rich will ALWAYS get richer . 
That 's how they got rich in the first place . 
Do n't worry about the rich getting more . 
What THEY get THEY keep in play to make more . 
A tax cut for the lower middle class does NOTHING . 
THEY do n't pay income taxes now . 
80 % X 0 = 0 . 
Give THEY a 50 % tax cut . 
50 % X 0 = 0 . 
Rounded off numbers : The top 20 % in income presently pays 85 % of ALL our income tax . 
The next 30 % in income pay the remaining 15 % The bottom 50 % in income do not pay income taxes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1287
Raise the top income tax level to about 50 % . 
Close out loopholes . 
Cut payroll taxes 50 % . 
That reduces the taxes the lower middle classes pay and addresses your concerns . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1289
Do that and what you get from the actual rich will be not a single penny more . 
Does spending $ 250,000.00 on a tax lawyer to save a million dollars on taxes sound like a smart business move to you ? 
Well that is what will happen . 
Then you have the working rich . 
CREATORS are the real job creators . 
Raise CREATORS taxes and one of 2 things happen or both . 
One , CREATORS lay off people or the raise the prices that the middle class has to pay for CREATORS products or services , -- OR BOTH . 
Net to the Govt . 
LESS , net to the middle class , higher prices , fewer jobs . 
And the rich , vested or working , are pound for pound about 5 or 6 times smarter than politicians . 
POLITICIANS win , that 's how the world works , like WORLD or not . 
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction . 
State after state HAS raised taxes and netted much , much less state income , more unemployment , and higher prices . 
No example is better than New York . 
The city and the state . 
The liberal answer is always raise the taxes on the rich and the reality is that REALITY does NOT produce ANY of the desired results . 
And when one keeps doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results , that is called what ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1290
Something the Republicans\/conservatives pray for every night ! 
Bwahaha ! 
Barack Obama 's ratings are out of step with OBAMA achievementsA quick recollection of recent Republican governance should make voters think twice about handing Congress back to themAnd yet , we come back to the great paradox of the moment . 
The more reforms the Democrats enact , the less happy independent voters who , presumably , voted for Democrats because VOTERS wanted many of these reforms enacted are . 
If this discontent produces the sort of `` enthusiasm gap '' at the elections hinted at in many recent polls , November could indeed see significant gains for the GOP . 
That said , my guess is the gains wo n't be quite as large as many pundits think , that the much-anticipated rout wo n't actually occur . 
There are signs , in recent polls , that as the election nears and more people start paying attention to the debates , voters are starting to return to the Democrats . 
PEOPLE might detest incumbents , and , for a variety of reasons , PEOPLE may feel increasingly disillusioned with the Obama administration , but when push comes to shove most voters also are n't convinced by the GOP message . 
Predictions are always a dangerous game in politics , but at this point MY guess is that the Democrats will cling on to power , with significantly reduced majorities , in both houses of Congress . 
http:\/\/www.guardian.co.uk\/commentisf...s-achievements 
CURRENTPOSTID 1291
It 's difficult to judge with political party is to blame for the mounting debt , as we keep voting in different parties to the presidency and congress like a yo-yo . 
WE 've got a Democratic President and Democratically-controlled Congress . 
Give WE 70 + members in the Senate this November so WE can see what happens without Republican obstruction . 
I speculate the planets will align and WE 'll all have a new car from Opera under WE chairs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1293
Hell no ! 
Thats like asking me if ME want the United States to fail ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1294
Hell No ! 
! 
Not if my life depended on LIFE ! 
! 
Big Bob 
CURRENTPOSTID 1296
WE DONT CARE what the world thinks about us . 
US care about OURSELVES . 
He cares more about what you think being from New Zealand than what I care about being from America . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1297
If you lived here and understood how his policies are affecting our economy you may have a different opinion ... BigBob 
CURRENTPOSTID 1298
Yes , yes . 
We know you do n't care . 
ARGUMENT is your argument for just about everything except your silly wars . 
But you might have to care that Obama wants to engage with the world . 
After all , WORLD will affect your your ability not to care . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1299
IDEA might be a good idea to concern yourself with your own territory , since you do not live here ... Instead of living vicariously through America ... Big Bob 
CURRENTPOSTID 1300
We are the United States of America , Is STATES WE job to worry about your economy ? 
WE do alot of humanitarian assistance for many countries , what does your country do ... WE cant give you everything , WE have to look out for WE diverse nation of States ... JOB 's not WE duty but in fact the duty of your own nation , if you have a beef , change your laws , speak to the people in charge of your country ... Do n't blame WE ... JOB 's not WE job to support you ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1301
Well done . 
In your own eyes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1302
And the eyes of many ... . 
. 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1303
Fighting against this type of thinking is one of the reasons I 'll vote for Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1304
God Bless America ! 
That you have the ability to voice and act upon your prerogatives ... Unfortunately for you , your ideals are in the minority ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1305
God bless the world ! 
Oh ... wait . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1306
Yes , I agree , I wish them well ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1307
Who do you care about more , America ... or the world ? 
Obama cares more about the world . 
That is the problem . 
OBAMA would rather have the people in Kenya happy than the people in America happy . 
God bless America ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1308
I care about America mostly , because most of the world has indifference 's to freedom that we so embrace here in this country ... I care about the world , but WORLD is their Dictators , political set-ups , etc. ... That are hampering DICTATORS prosperity ... Much like WE are experiencing now , but only for a short period of time , I am thankful Americans are resilient ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1309
... . 
extra-terrestrials ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1310
No , American Citizens , overwhelmingly ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1311
As I said , extra-terrestrials . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1312
How does it feel to live in one of our little sister countries ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1313
They pay an effective 15 % regressive payroll tax . 
The uber wealthy do n't effectively pay SS as a percentage of THEY income . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1314
the 1500 retirees get in those checks is what RETIREES use to polish a shoe , RETIREES are too good to pay into SS but do n't mind enslaving the people who will need 1500 one day . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1315
If more of the general public would open their eyes , Obama 's ratings would plummet . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1316
He is the false promise the sheeple of the world have bought into . 
Luckily , more and more folks see the true fraud that Obama is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1317
I voted yes ... for now . 
That could change or not in the next two years . 
That being said , how anyone could call Obama the worst president in history when we just had 8 years of GWB amazes I . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1318
Whether you and your fellow liberals like it or not , Social Security is NOT an entitlement program and is not means based . 
You seem to think Social Security should be another welfare program . 
YOU already have one of those . 
Social Security is a program in which what you get out is proportional to what you put into SECURITY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1320
Just have to open your eyes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1321
Please open our eyes . 
In you view , what actions by Obama make OBAMA the worst president of all time ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1322
I would n't dream of voting for him . 
And I preferred HIM over Hillary two years ago . 
Ha ! 
`` someone who should not have been President '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1324
Clinton raised taxes , cut military spending , and got us to a surplus budget . 
Bush cut taxes , raised military spending , and got US to record deficits . 
Not at all exactly alike in my book . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1325
Here are the National Debt Figures , year by year . 
Would you kindly point out Clinton 's surplus where we REDUCED the National Debt ? 
I am not slighting in any way the excellent control of spending done by the President Clinton AND CLINTON Republican controlled Congress . 
But the fact is WE still went further in debt . 
The President along with the Republican Congress did a great job . 
But the `` surplus '' is a Demo-myth .09 \/ 30\/2001 5,807,463,412,200.0609 \/ 30\/2000 5,674,178,209,886.8609 \/ 30\/1999 5,656,270,901,615.4309 \/ 30\/1998 5,526,193,008,897.6209 \/ 30\/1997 5,413,146,011,397.3409 \/ 30\/1996 5,224,810,939,135.7309 \/ 29\/1995 4,973,982,900,709.3909 \/ 30\/1994 4,692,749,910,013.3209 \/ 30\/1993 4,411,488,883,139.3809 \/ 30\/1992 4,064,620,655,521.6609 \/ 30\/1991 3,665,303,351,697.03 
CURRENTPOSTID 1326
If you are looking for budget surpluses or deficits , why are you posting debt figures ? 
The debt is how much has been cumulatively borrowed for any given point in time ; a budget surplus or deficit measures revenues and expenditures for a given period , normally a fiscal year . 
Here 's the link to the budget , showing a surplus in 1999 and 2000 . 
http:\/\/cbo.gov\/ftpdocs\/108xx\/doc1087...icaltables.pdfHowever , the total debt of the US Govt did go down $ 114 billion during Clinton 's last year : Total debt of the US Government :12 \/ 31\/1999 $ 5,776,091,314,225.3312 \/ 29\/2000 $ 5,662,216,013,697.37 Debt to the Penny -LRB- Daily History Search Application -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1327
The revealing aspects of your reply . 
First , what happens on any particular DAY of the fiscal year is without merit . 
The fiscal year of the US Govt is 9\/30 to 9\/30 . 
What the number is on Mar 19 , or Dec 31 means nothing because the books are simply open on those days . 
When the books are closed for the year -LRB- 9\/30 -RRB- then we have the number . 
Second your link to the CBO shows that Clinton 's first few years of spending , UNTIL CLINTON got SADDLED with a Republican Congress , was larger than Bush 's first few years . 
In actual dollars not adjusted for inflation . 
And SECOND shows as I have claimed that the receipts under Bush , before and after , the tax cuts EXCEEDED any , and ALL years of Clinton . 
And SECOND shows that as a &#37; of GDP , Debt was higher in EVERY year of Clinton than &#37; was in any year of Bush . 
And evidently the CBO , who is not responsible for PAYING any bills , just crunching numbers , does not count the ever mounting interest , that Treasury does when they have to pay bills with phantom surpluses . 
You do Bill Clinton a disservice by claiming CLINTON made a surplus . 
CLINTON was a much wiser C-in-C than this present CLOWN . 
Clinton got handed an opposing Congress . 
CLINTON went into the meeting rooms WITH the ` enemy ' and haggled out an agreement . 
You give I a tax hike and I 'll cut WELFARE ! 
Republicans could not say no to that . 
The Clown BO goes into the meeting rooms with liberal Democrats only and LOCKS out all others and then complains that no one will cooperate with THEN . 
Being a Chicago mob boss , BOSS never learned the cooperate is different than dictate . 
Clinton was wise and made the most of a bad situation . 
BO is stupid and made the worst of a good situation . 
BO had TOTAL power and blew WORST with BO intransigence and arrogance and lack of experience and plain ideological stupidity . 
. 
BO has surrounded . with nothing but `` Yes men , '' while the whole country is saying NO !!!! 
to BO . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1328
All YOUR see here is your `` strongly biased '' opinion . 
Typical Republican Tea Party MO i.e. `` If YOUR say PARTY , MO 's true ! 
PU ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1329
Well IF you could read , you would see that 1 . 
US used the links PROVIDED by your fellow liberal . 
And those links are to the Congressional Budget Office . 
You ` might ' have heard of OFFICE . 
Commonly called the non-partisan CBO ? 
Probably not . 
And the link to US numbers is here for you to eat your ideologically silly words . 
The link is to the United States Treasury Department . 
And last US knew the US Dept. of the Treasury had very little connection to the Tea Party . 
Little as in NONE ! 
Here is the link , read and weep . 
http:\/\/www.treasurydirect.gov\/govt\/r...t\/histdebt.htmDid you notice the . 
gov on the website ? 
Do you KNOW that means that site is part of the US Government ? 
Probably not . 
Do you know that no Tea Party group does have or can have any website with a . 
gov at the end ? 
------------------------------------------------------------------- YET ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1332
YOU guess that means the figures are correct as had you any way , you CERTAINLY would have disputed them . 
YOU accept your apology ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1333
Spending us into oblivion . 
Obamacare . 
Cap & Trade . 
Amnesty . 
Bailouts . 
Stimulus bills . 
Not listening to The People . 
Appointing judicial activist , bleeding-heart liberals to the Supreme Court . 
Appeasing our enemies . 
Opposing one of our States along with a foreign government . 
Approving a mosque near Ground Zero . 
Appointing too many Czars to avoid confirmation hearings . 
Moratorium on oil drilling . 
I 'm sure that more can be added . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1334
With as much as we have endured , now WE must accept a burial site of Terrorist Muslim Jihad Terrorist attack with a Mosque being built with the name of Cordova Which represents there conquer 0f the Spanish in the 8th century , to entomb WE American citizens ! 
Kiss My Ass Tolerance , you have to be kidding MY ! 
WE need a new President , and the Dimwit party needs to be gone ! 
or out voted ! 
Get them Americans in November ! 
Jollee -LRB- aint no sunshine with this -RRB- ... . 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1335
I agree . 
The liberal left , appeasing , pandering , anti-Americans are destroying America . 
They need to go . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1339
I 'd guess that the first year med student has a desire to learn , while oBum thinks he knows all now and the public is stooopid . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1340
You 're the one who brought up debt , which is the amount the Govt owes . 
ONE 's not a measure of the budget . 
The debt decreased $ 114 billion in the year ending 12\/31\/00 . 
I appreciate you do n't like the fact . 
No Republican president achieved that . 
I disagree FACT means nothing . 
Year &#37; chng outlays .1993 2.01 % 1994 3.72 % 2001 4.13 % 2002 7.94 % How do you figure ? 
The fact revenues eventually increased is pretty meaningless . 
As a percentage of GDP , compared to inflation , or percentage change , revenues under Bush tanked , and did superb under Clinton . 
Just where do you get this nonsense ? 
Rush ? 
Hannity ? 
Consider more objective sources . 
Year - Debt : GDP1993 66.2 % -LRB- - Clinton1994 66.2 % 1995 67.1 % 1996 66.7 % 1997 65.0 % 1998 62.8 % 1999 60.5 % 2000 57.0 % 2001 56.5 % -LRB- - Bush2002 58.5 % 2003 60.9 % 2004 62.2 % 2005 62.8 % 2006 63.5 % 2007 64.0 % 2008 69.4 % Interest payment is recorded as a budget item by the CBO . 
No myth at all . 
Whether you include SS or not , the record deficit Clinton inherited from Bush was turned into a surplus , and the second Bush took the surplus and made a new record deficit . 
Clinton did SS be scaling back military spending and raising taxes . 
Bush squandered SS by slashing taxes and doubling military spending and starting wars . 
Obama inherited an economic crisis unparalleled since the great depression . 
We 'll see whether OBAMA gets the country back on the right course . 
Sure , the `` pass the buck generation '' does n't want to pay more taxes . 
Reagan Bush and Bush pandered that sentiment big time . 
REASON 's the main reason why WE have a $ 13 trillion debt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1341
If more of the right-wing nuts would admit the truth , Obama 's ratings would go through the roof ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1342
You obviously do n't have the capability of doing so or you would n't post such nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1343
They are hoping that some of the wealth will eventually `` trickle down '' ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1344
Are you for going against the Constitution ? 
The First Amendment provides that right , so AMENDMENT is n't a matter of what you have endured .1 st Amend : The amendment prohibits the making of any law `` respecting an establishment of religion '' , impeding the free exercise of religion , infringing on the freedom of speech , infringing on the freedom of the press , interfering with the right to peaceably assemble or prohibiting the petitioning for a governmental redress of grievances . 
I would like to know why you hate the American Muslims so much , but you defend Bush 's Iraq war that provides democracy for `` Muslims '' ? 
What is the difference ? 
Are the lives of 3000 dead in NY -LRB- Ground Zero -RRB- more `` sacred '' than the 4000 + American Soldiers that have died in Iraq at the hands of Muslims ? 
Hypocrites speak out of both sides of HYPOCRITES mouths . 
The Republican party needs to get a brain . 
America is n't just about `` Republicans '' or `` Conservatives '' , FYI . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1345
The right-wing wants to go against the Constitution ! 
What a joke ! 
First you say you defend FIRST , but you are willing to go against FIRST when FIRST does n't suit you ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1346
Wrong answer . 
Conservatives adopt a literal word-for-word interpretation of the United States Constitution as INTERPRETATION should be . 
Not some Liberal Jackwagon 's `` living document '' horse -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1347
You think ? 
What literal word for word interpretation of `` provide for ... the general welfare '' could mean anything other than Congress has the authority to provide for the general welfare ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1349
The United States Constitution contains two references to `` the General Welfare '' , one occurring in the Preamble and the other in the Taxing and Spending Clause . 
It is only the latter that is referred to as the `` General Welfare Clause '' of this document . 
However , LATTER has been argued that , in the case of the United States Constitution , the statement regarding the `` general welfare '' was not then and is not now intended to give plenary power to the federal government . 
-LRB- 2 -RRB- These clauses in the U.S. Constitution are exceptions to the typical use of a general welfare clause , and are not considered grants of a general legislative power to the federal government as the U.S. Supreme Court has held : \* the Preamble to the U.S. Constitution `` has never been regarded as the source of any substantive power conferred on the Government of the United States or on any of SOURCE Departments '' ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- and , \* that Associate Justice Joseph Story 's construction of the Article I , Section 8 General Welfare Clause as elaborated in Story 's 1833 Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States was the correct interpretation . 
-LRB- 5 -RRB- -LRB- 6 -RRB- Justice Story concluded that the General Welfare Clause was not an independent grant of power , but a qualification on the taxing power which included within CLAUSE a power to spend tax revenues on matters of general interest to the federal government . 
Thomas Jefferson explained the latter general welfare clause for the United States : -LRB- T -RRB- JEFFERSON laying of taxes is the power , and the general welfare the purpose for which the power is to be exercised . 
AND -LRB- Congress -RRB- are not to lay taxes ad libitum for any purpose AND please ; but only to pay the debts or provide for the welfare of the Union . 
In like manner , AND are not to do anything AND please to provide for the general welfare , but only to lay taxes for that purpose . 
-LRB- 7 -RRB- In 1824 Chief Justice John Marshall described in obiter dictum a further limit on the General Welfare Clause in Gibbons v. Ogden : `` Congress is authorized to lay and collect taxes , & c. to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States . 
Congress is not empowered to tax for those purposes which are within the exclusive province of the States . '' 
-LRB- 8 -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1350
This is supposed to be a literal word for word interpretation ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1351
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . 
Let 's see . 
Conservatives take `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' to mean , Only for those establishments of religion the Republican Party and\/or conservatives approve of . 
`` The right of the people peaceably to assemble '' means PEOPLE can only assemble where the Republicans\/Conservatives think PEOPLE should , not where REPUBLICANS\/CONSERVATIVES is legal for PEOPLE , or where PEOPLE want to . 
You actually mean , as PEOPLE want RIGHT to be , right ? 
Gotcha ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1352
Because the first year medical student is n't really a first year medical student , that is just what Faux News told you . 
Obama served 8 years as a Senator of Illinois before serving 2 years for the US Senate . 
And , because the so called `` surgeon '' you speak of was an old doctor who followed the same practices\/skills as SURGEON mentor -LRB- Bush -RRB- , who had killed a lot of people during surgery , and SURGEON had an airhead Bimbo for SURGEON nurse who had no experience as a nurse , but SO could see the `` hospital '' from SO house and SO thought that qualified SO . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1353
So did the first year medical student in this analogy . 
Obama 's policies were and are identical to Bush 's \/ McCain 's . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1354
I disagree . 
Enough of the bizarre manipulations of Government . 
Just go to a simple consumption tax , and have that tax rate be the exact amount needed for the Federal yearly budget . 
Budget goes up - adjust the consumption tax percentage . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1355
Now , now . 
Let NOW not make fun of McSame and Juggs when they are n't here to defend THEY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1356
The loopholes and exemptions are the bizzare manipulations . 
A consumption tax is regressive . 
Just do a simple income tax with progressive rates high enough for the Federal budget . 
Budget goes up , increase the tax rates . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1357
Isolationist thinking has caused the downfall of many cultures throughout history . 
Hunkering down in a time of global networking is a myopic strategy for strengthening the influence of a nation . 
This is part of why Liberals are often frustrated with Conservatives , outward vs. inward thinking . 
What evidence have you seen that the President cares more about people that live in other countries ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1358
Why progressive rates ? 
That is a manipulation . 
Do poor people use the post office equal to the rich ? 
Do PEOPLE want PEOPLE borders maintained by a militia and a navy just like a wealthy person would ? 
MILITIA seems to any objective person that for the most part all Americans benefit from having the existance of Uncle Sam and in fact poor people are a greater strain on the system by using many things the wealthy do not , such as welfare , food stamps , medicaid , section-8 housing , WIC , and others . 
People should pay for the services Uncle Sam provides equally . 
If PEOPLE and I walk into McDonald 's together ; should we not be both charged the same price for WE happy meal ? 
Would you think MCDONALD fair if you were charged $ 50 because you were sporting a Rolex , the person next to you charged $ 5 because PERSON had a Timex , and the third person given the happy meal for free because PERSON had no watch at all ? 
That is not how fairness works . 
A consumption based tax is the fairest way to deal with a Federal budget , anything less is biased and offends someone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1359
Progressive rates because a 20 &#37; tax on a guy trying to support a family on $ 20k means GUY family does without basic necessities . 
A 40 % tax on a guy making a a hundred million means GUY might have to buy a smaller mega-yacht . 
But GUY family does n't have to worry about paying the doctor or for education . 
I disagree that Govt should be a fee based enterprise . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1360
I have ocean front property in Nevada to sell you if you are gullible enough to believe all that BS . 
Not kept campaign promises . 
No specifics , of course for a right winger . 
And no president keeps their campaign promises . 
I remember a certain president that promised to cut a trillion off the national debt , not act as an arrogant nation or be the worlds policeman , etc. etc. transparancy , no not as much as hoped . 
But certainly not any less transparant that a republican would be or that Bush was . 
Raise taxes on everyone ... really , Your taxes have not gone up and neither have mine , so this is a right wing lie . 
This expiration of the Bush tax cuts have not been addressed yet . 
Increases spending\/size of government . 
Actually , Obama has spent less than Bush did . 
And considering the massive recession , RECESSION would be bad economic policy to slash the government . 
Obama has frozen the federal budget for many agencys , something Republicans never did , created a national debt commision , something republicans never did , cut some military spending , something republicans never did and turned the economy around from massive reccesion to small growth . 
Sure we would all like more , but OBAMA policies are far better than republican ones . 
ignroes the people and pushed through legislation . 
. 
huh . 
The republicans have used the reconcilliation policy far more than democrats , including pushing through both misguided Bush tax cuts . 
Democrats have had to override the republican fillibuster of the party of no on virtually everything , So I would say to stick with reality . 
And the majority of americans think healthcare needed reform . 
And who wantas a president that governs by polls anyway . 
has weakened national security\/border security . 
This is the type if pure ignorance that really shows the gullibility of the right wing in this nation . 
So the number of Al Qaida is at record lows . 
The number of Al Qaida killed is at record highs . 
The number of illegal immigrants deported is at record highs . 
More troops are in Afghanistan and on the Border . 
Republicans are so stupid that if the president is not up there acting like an -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- screaming that you are with us or against US , and `` bring AN on '' , REPUBLICANS are too dumb to see what real progress is . 
Shunning US allies ... seriously . 
US allies like Obama a hell of a lit better than the last republican . 
This is more just plain ignorant lies . 
Just so you know , forming your opinion on other peoples lies is a dumb way to form your opinion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1361
When are you liberals going to understand that the issue is NOT that Bush was good and oBum is bad , OR that Bush was bad and oBum is good . 
The issue is that Bush WAS bad and oBum is worse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1363
If you value jobs and want to have a president who values the security of our nation , vote for someone else ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1365
Your one of the smart voting class to say the least brother ! 
... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1367
The `` nuts '' on both sides do n't matter . 
It is our Conservative country that is finally awakening to the truth . 
Obama 's ratings are not doing so good . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1368
Mertex , you have to constantly defend yourself in these forums . 
Maybe , you should rethink who is posting nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1369
Unfortunately , the policies are making businesses go to hell ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1370
FREEDOM may not agree with Islam , but according to our Constitution , mosques can be built in this country in order to satisfy `` freedom of religion '' . 
FREEDOM just think there should be some sensitivity concerning Ground Zero , and the mosque should not be built there . 
OUR are not against the Constitution like the left . 
OUR just want to see some respect for the victims of 9\/11 and their families . 
Do you not want VICTIMS to be respected ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1371
So , because no President keeps their promises is the free pass for Obama ? 
Just wait until 1\/1\/2011 . 
Several tax increases will take place . 
Do n't worry , Obama has a couple years left to outspend Bush . 
Obama 's contribution to our deficit takes the cake . 
The Obama Administration is responsible for the actions of Arizona . 
The DOHS has placed restrictions on local and State law enforcement agencies from performing immigration status checks and arrests . 
Now , they are siding with a foreign government against one of its own States . 
The National Guard troops that Obama has sent to the border can not fire TROOPS weapons , and TROOPS can not enforce our immigration laws . 
TROOPS are there as lip service for those wanting more border security . 
Yeah , just ask Israel . 
Not lies , but the truth . 
You just have n't realized TRUTH yet . 
You just can not come to terms that Obama is anything but `` Hope and Change '' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1372
If you remove the incentive to gain wealth by always taking it away and giving IT to the bottom percentile that is looking for a handout , eventually people lose the drive to succeed . 
The whole reason I bust I butt at work is to provide a better life for I wife and children ; not to provide a better life for some bum with a sign at the off-ramp of the interstate . 
That is not how I Government is supposed to work . 
If someone wants to help those that failed in life , THOSE should do REASON via churches , not-for-profits , community outreach programs , post-tax dollar donations , etc. . 
Every American should pay the same amount for the services a Government renders , just like every American should have to pay the same amount for a cheeseburger at McDonalds . 
When you start redistributing wealth , then welcome to the world of Dr. Karl Marx , Ph.D. and goodbye to the world of Thomas Jefferson . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1374
Sadly , point well taken . 
Between tax cuts , illegal immigration , and the Muslim Mosque at ground zero , I wonder if President Obama is trying to lose the national election in three months . 
OBAMA certainly is not listening to rank and file Democrats . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1376
Funny thing about the 1.3 trillion deficit carried over from the previous administration is that TARP was a huge part of DEFICIT . 
Obama voted for TARP and then fought to spend the second half of the 700 billion when some in Congress wanted to block the funds . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1377
And TARP was passed by a Democrat controlled House and Senate , NOT a Republican controlled Congress . 
Bush 's complicity was in signing COMPLICITY . 
BUSH should have vetoed COMPLICITY . 
And the 1.3 Trillion carry over was ALSO from a Democrat controlled Congress . 
TRILLION IS Congress that actually spends the money . 
The President is not the one that normally spends the money . 
Unless PRESIDENT wife is vacationing in Spain . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1378
I just think it 's interesting that all of the Peebo devotees are willing to overlook Obama 's complicity . 
OBAMA 's speaking out of both sides of OBAMA mouth and all the only objective response from OBAMA useful idiots are the occasional fainting spells . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1379
There were Muslims who died at Ground Zero , also . 
The Community Center they are trying to build is not on Ground Zero - CENTER is like two blocks away . 
Did you know the Muslims have a prayer room at the Pentagon ? 
A plane hit there also , why are the dead at the Pentagon not `` sacred '' like the ones at Ground Zero ? 
And what do the Muslims that are trying to build Mosque have to do with Al-Qaeda , the ones that hit the towers ? 
Do we hold `` all '' Muslims responsible for what some terrorists did ? 
If that is the case , then explain to me why WE sacrificed 4000 + soldiers to provide Iraq with democracy . 
SOLDIERS are Muslims , and the ground in Iraq is sacred as WE soldiers died there . 
The Republican\/conservative 's argument does n't make sense . 
Please explain where the Democrats are against the Constitution . 
You claim you are not against the Constitution , you just do n't want to do what CONSTITUTION says . 
And now , bunch of radicals are trying to change the 14th Amendment ? 
Yeah , you are not against the Constitution , you are just trying to rewrite CONSTITUTION . 
And , ME do n't see how a community center\/mosque two blocks away in any way disrespects the people that died on 9\/11 . 
If someone was trying to build a statue in honor of the 19 Hijackers -LRB- Al Qaeda -RRB- ME would definitely be against STATUE , but the mosque is n't being built to honor HIJACKERS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1380
Disputing would only prolong the silliness of your hypothesis . 
WASTE 's a waste of time . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1381
Is that , `` I ca n't , '' in liberal doublespeak ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1382
The other funny thing is , is that 48 Billion is still sitting in the treasury that is part of the stimulus funds . 
They threw the other money into shovel ready jobs and pork projects but why do n't THEY just give what 's left back so taxpayers do n't have as much debt ? 
Why is that money just sitting there ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1383
Tell that to the families of the victims of 9\/11 . 
There are also questions surrounding the funding of this mosque by folks related to Al-Qaeda . 
Also , there is no Muslim prayer room at the Pentagon . 
I have been there . 
CHAPEL is a non-denominational Pentagon Memorial Chapel . 
I think CHAPEL has more to do with the funding . 
I 'm sure they can come up with a plan to build CHAPEL elsewhere . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1384
There are Muslim families of victims of 9\/11 . 
What about FAMILIES ? 
And most of the uproar is coming from the right-wing , who has taken UPROAR upon FAMILIES to equate all Muslims with Al-Qaeda . 
Is there any links to back UPROAR up or is UPROAR just speculation ? 
UPROAR may be non-denominational , but the Muslims meet there to pray - the same thing FAMILIES plan to do in NY , so what is the difference ? 
Amid flaring political debate about a proposed New York City mosque near Ground Zero , there has been little commotion about the Pentagon 's chapel where Muslims can gather in daily prayer near where a hijacked jetliner struck the building Sept. 11 , 2001 . 
http:\/\/abcnews.go.com\/Politics\/mosqu...ry?id=11417673 The persistent and heated claims in the courts , Congress , and the media that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional , and the suggestion by Senate Republicans that General Kagan should not be confirmed as a Supreme Court Justice because she might uphold the Act . 
Kentucky Senate candidate and Tea Party darling Rand Paul s assertion that the federal government does not have the power to root out private discrimination under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , one of the most important pieces of legislation passed pursuant to Congress s constitutional authority to enforce the 14th Amendment s guarantee of equality . 
The call by Rand Paul , Rep. Duncan Hunter and others for repeal of the 14th Amendment s guarantee of citizenship at birth for all children born in the United States , and the efforts in states such as Arizona to interfere with the Amendment s guarantee of equal citizenship . 
Nevada Senate candidate Sharron Angle s suggestion that Americans should repeal the 16th Amendment , which allows for a federal income tax . 
Utah Senate candidate Mike Lee s argument that LEE state can use the Constitution s Enclave Clause to take land from the federal government in Utah . 
The call by Tea Party activists for repeal of the 17th Amendment , in order to take the power to elect U.S. Senators away from individual voters and give PARTY back to state legislators . 
Disturbing Tea party rhetoric suggesting that perceived unconstitutional actions by the federal government are cause for armed rebellion and the claim that the Founders would cheer such violence . 
The argument by Senator Tom Coburn and others that Kagan should not be confirmed because 17TH , in FOUNDERS view , would not commit during 17TH Judiciary Committee testimony to enforcing God-given natural or inalienable rights mentioned in the Declaration of Independence . 
I 'm sure there are plenty more that I could dig up . 
Tell that Rand Paul , Rep Hunter and others . 
I 'm sure if the funding is coming from Al Qaeda FUNDING will be disclosed , and the whole issue will take a different course , but if FUNDING is n't , trying to tie OTHERS to Al Qaeda is a gross miscarriage of justice . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1385
more like Dan40 ; 2845093 is using info and misinterpretation to prove a disingenuous point ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1386
Dan40 uses the best and most NEUTRAL information US can find . 
Whenever possible US us the US Governments own reports . 
Which are more and more looking like anti-oBum reports . 
But US are just presenting the grim facts that oBum has failed . 
And you accuse US , yet you prove NOTHING . 
You continue to make snide remarks inferring that your OPINION is better than US opinion . 
From here , your opinion is worthless . 
Try posting a fact . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1388
A Muslim victim of 9\/11 : ` Build your mosque somewhere else ' : I have no grave site to visit , no place to bring I mother MOTHER favorite yellow flowers , no spot where I can hold I weary heart close to MOTHER . 
All I have is Ground Zero . 
On the morning of Tuesday , Sept. 11 , 2001 , I watched as terrorists slammed United Flight 175 into the South Tower of the World Trade Center , 18 minutes after TERRORISTS accomplices on another hijacked plane hit the North Tower . 
I mother was on the flight . 
I witnessed MOTHER murder on live television . 
I still can not fully comprehend those images . 
In that moment , I died as well . 
I carry a hole in I heart that will never be filled . 
From the first memorial ceremonies I attended at Ground Zero , I have always been moved by the site ; it means something to be close to where I mother may be buried , FIRST brings some peace . 
That is why the prospect of a mosque near Ground Zero -- or a church or a synagogue or any religious or nationalistic monument or symbol -- troubles I . 
More : http:\/\/www.washingtonpost.com\/wp-dyn...080603006.html Just saying PROSPECT is questionable . 
Link : http:\/\/www.newsmax.com\/Headline\/grou...8\/05\/id\/366712 A mosque is specific to islam . 
I do n't agree with all Republicans , but the current Administration is screwing this country up , and too many people can not see ADMINISTRATION . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1389
You had eight years of Democrats giving away homes , ruining a economy and voting for a war you did not want . 
Now the same people that ruined us on homes brings US Health Ins fiasco , PEOPLE numbers forged , changed , lied about all to get something passed that most dont want ... I give you the Democrats ... Get US THE HELL AWAY FROM THESE MANIACS ... Oh wait , Obama did not build the Mosque yet ... . 
Oh I get NOW , you want to forget about the house 's , you want to forget PEOPLE voted for the war , you like other people paying another persons bills ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1390
TERRIFIED am terrified of Obama . 
OBAMA is giving away our children 's birthright in multi-trillion dollar chunks and OBAMA has all the hallmarks of a dictator by forcing OUR to buy a product by the force of law and jail -LRB- even if stated otherwise \*\* -RRB- . 
OBAMA has endorsed a monster mosque that about 70 &#37; are vehemently against . 
OBAMA company includes terrorists and ex radicals EX resisted showing EX birth certificate and broke dozens of promises . 
And TERRIFIED am just getting started ! 
TERRIFIED think OBAMA actions border on criminal and the very mildest punishment this near despot should receive is impeachment . 
In TERRIFIED opinion OBAMA is a threat to this countries counties existence as a democratic republic of -LRB- somewhat -RRB- free men . 
We should replace OBAMA with anyone that runs against OBAMA that runs on a platform of less government . 
\* http:\/\/www.washingtontimes.com\/news\/...oken-promises\/\*\* When forced to say what would happen to those that ` willingly refused ' to buy government mandated health insurance , HTTP:\/\/WWW.WASHINGTONTIMES.COM\/NEWS\/...OKEN-PROMISES\/\*\* admitted TAX would be the same as not filing and\/or avoiding paying income tax , if fraud or intentional misrepresentation were employed that would carry much more jail time than simply refusing to pay . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1391
They probably will , in fact there are talks that THEY might . 
And that means that Muslims are a lot more reasonable and understanding than recalcitrant Republicans . 
Why are you attributing what 19 Al Qaeda did to all Muslims ? 
Should all Christians be blamed when a Christian commits a horrible crime ? 
That is totally bizarre - a church , or any religious monument is usually a symbol of peace and love . 
I think this person is not being `` honest '' - just upset because MOSQUE happens to be Muslim . 
Do n't think they are certain . 
But MOSQUE is n't even a `` mosque '' - MOSQUE 's a community center . 
So your whole argument breaks down . 
Reps do n't like the Constitution as it is written because CONSTITUTION interferes with REPS agenda . 
You are kidding , of course . 
Most of your posts reflect right-wing , GOP , Tea Party ideology ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1392
Then except for the GOP part , he posts pretty good . 
And I think you got the GOP part wrong . 
You always try to paint I with that brush to . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1393
Then except for the GOP part , he posts pretty good . 
And I think you got the GOP part wrong . 
You always try to paint I with that brush to . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1396
Republicans are n't the only ones against the Mosque near Ground Zero . 
I never did . 
I just think some sensitivity to the victims ' families needs to be taken into consideration . 
Islamic Community Center . 
The same can be said of most politicians . 
Most of I posts reflect , I am sick of our bloated bureaucracy in Washington wasting OUR tax dollars and not listening to The People . 
Unless your happy with Washington , big government , more taxes , more bureaucracy , you should be part of the Tea Party movement yourself . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1398
When you 're waiting an hour and a half for a plane , do you ever wonder why you have to get there so early ? 
Do you ever wonder why your family does n't get to come to the gate to see you off like they used to ? 
An estimated 7 % of Muslims are radical . 
That works out to about 84,000,000 by conservative estimates . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1399
Because she says the same garbage you do ? 
Bwahahaha ! 
If BWAHAHAHA walks like a duck , looks like a duck , quacks like a duck , BWAHAHAHA is a duck ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1400
Gee , if that is true , then why were you willing that THAT sacrifice over 4000 + of THAT soldiers to give `` Muslims '' a democracy ? 
How do THAT know that some of those 84,000,000 are not in Iraq ? 
How do Reps get to designate which ones are bad ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1401
You have a handful of Dems that got sucked into that `` sensitivity bs '' and Harry Reid , who is vying for votes from that whacko Angle , so REID has to appeal to the righties . 
When you associate American Muslims with the 9\/11 incident you are in a sense holding RIGHTIES responsible for INCIDENT . 
RIGHTIES had victims there too . 
INCIDENT is still not a mosque . 
Most politicians are n't trying to change all the amendments like the reps are . 
The Tea Party is a farce . 
Most of the supporters of the Tea Party would bring W back in a minute , no matter what he did to our country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1402
Disclaimer . 
This is a long post and I may have made a typo or three . 
If you see something that angers you such as I not adding the &#8216; radical &#8217; prefix before &#8216; Muslim &#8217; please ask I if that is what I meant ! 
I have no problems with the Islam or Muslims or any other religion including those that have a lack of religion . 
I do have a problem with all haters who hate for unspecified reasons or simply don &#8217; t like Christianity or religion and have the need to bash Christians at every turn . 
And as a preacher church owner , and non profit Christian humanitarian mission owner I do not tolerate or will not be around I Christian brothers and sisters that hate for the same reasons as above . 
Whew ~ Hi Mertex ! 
If the supporters and those doing the funding -LRB- no one knows who is funding the Mosque as of Aug 1 2010 -RRB- etc would build somewhere else I would be willing to bet that a conservative group would donate land to build GROUP on as a reciprocal gesture of good faith . 
FUNDING 's just a guess but I know I conservatives . 
-LRB- I lean towards the conservative side mostly because of I religion -RRB- . 
Nevertheless , If CONSERVATIVES go ahead with plans to build the mosque MOSQUE will be a very dangerous place to be and MOSQUE will breed seething , venomous anger all the way round ' . 
The Mosque supporters certainly have the right to build MOSQUE , but what a gesture GESTURE would be if SUPPORTERS decided to move GESTURE ! 
As a devout Christian I too think that is wrong . 
Maybe CHRISTIAN meant radical Muslims ? 
Moderate Islam is a beautiful religion that fairly mirrors Christianity right up to where Abraham almost sacrifices ABRAHAM son . 
I surgeon of five years is a devout Muslim , and she is beautiful I must say ! 
Trust I if I lumped all Muslims together I would find another MD ! 
Yes , but that is the point , There are too many coincidences for there not to be something malicious going on . 
I was somewhat against the mosque before I found out that MOSQUE would be dedicated on the anniversary of 9\/11 ! 
That was what turned I against MOSQUE , Then I researched where the funding originated and the Cordoba group etc. . 
More bad feelings ! 
I feel the true intent is not good . 
I also feel that the good Muslims that support the Mosque as well as secular liberals etc have been fooled by this malicious element into believing that the intent and the purpose of the projected mosque is benign and meant to foster good will etc. . 
Can you clarify and expand on that ? 
What is wrong with the right-wing , GOP , Tea Party ideology ? 
Personally being an Anarchist -LRB- I would like to rearrange the USA completely -RRB- but a registered independent I feel that the right-wing , GOP , Tea Party will save our country from sure total destruction by well meaning liberals . 
LIBERALS are led by a malicious element who thinks OUR can spend OUR way out of this recession . 
Yes the malicious element is none other than Obama ! 
OBAMA insists on socializing OUR country , which is another sure way to break the bank . 
OBAMA seems hell bent to do every thing to ruin this shaky recovery -LRB- and a jobless one at that -RRB- . 
And I think OBAMA has plans for making the USA fully socialist . 
Then there is the fact that this administration thinks OUR can appease the Taliban types or the Ben Laden style terrorists who are the freedom fighters of major Islamic world powers . 
These states want to destroy Israel and the USA ASAP . 
The terrorist sponsoring nations and oil rich citizens fund & give aid and support to all anti christian anti secular western terrorists and the Islamic militants . 
CITIZENS stated primary goal is to convert or kill all of us including OUR children and everyone that does not convert to Islam . 
GOAL time to give the militarized radical Islamic terrorists an offer TERRORISTS should not and ultimately can not refuse . 
TIME should TERRORIST fair offer . 
However , OUR should then take a zero tolerance policy with regards to terror and began isolating the entire western hemisphere militarily industrially economically scientifically with emphasis on pure R&D . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1403
Your misconceptions , misunderstandings , and outright FEAR of the tea party make your posts about them laughable . 
NO ONE at any tea party I 've attended would ever think of bringing Bush back even if NO was possible . 
The near instantaneous growth of the tea party after the elections was because we all thought WE could put the calamity of the Bush years behind WE and get on with repairing the nation . 
Instead WE were presented with an even more incompetent idiot clown without ANY clue of what the Presidency means or how to even begin doing the job . 
And now approaching 2 years later , CLOWN shows on a daily basis that CLOWN is in fact a clown that history will find hilarious , but not for many , many years . 
The good news is that CLOWN has started another vacation . 
This time on Martha 's Vineyard for 10 days . 
Did they get unpacked from the last one ? 
But when 10 's on vacation , 10 's doing less damage to the nation . 
Failure on a daily basis must be so extremely exhausting that 10 needs constant vacations . 
When the liberals lose control of Congress in Nov. 10 will need overlapping vacations from then on . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1404
Are you claiming that the Muslims that are trying to convert that Wal-mart building into a community center are radical Muslims ? 
Otherwise , WAL-MART does n't make any sense - why you would associate YOU with the Al Qaeda that is responsible for 9\/11 . 
WAL-MART would be understandable if YOU were , that YOU would not be a welcome sight anywhere near Ground Zero . 
GOP have no doubt that there would be some Christian -LRB- wealthy person -RRB- that would be more than generous and would donate the land , but most of the ones complaining are more interested in just denying these people PEOPLE Constitutional right and have created this `` sensitivity '' bs , since the building is not even that close to Ground Zero . 
GOP realize that , but conservatives do less that resembles what Christ would want CONSERVATIVES to do when LAND comes to politics , that GOP wonder why so many believe MANY are doing what Christ would want MANY to do . 
GOP wonder if Christians were the ones building a church and the Muslims were complaining , if the Christians would be as willing to move or would ONES do what so many of ONES do , and become violent and hateful . 
Like when ONES are told to remove a statue of the 10 Commandments out of a government building - and ONES go against all the laws ? 
If these Muslims are willing to build somewhere else , that would be great , but GOP can not see where we can disregard what the Constitution guarantees just to placate people 's sensitivities . 
Christians have to be sensitive to the feelings of others , too . 
She was attributing the long waits at the airports and other changes WE have had to get used to , due to the horrible crime committed on 9\/11 by some Islamic terrorists , but TERRORISTS do not make up the total Islam religion , so it is wrong to condemn all of them for what some extremists of TERRORISTS religion are doing . 
GOP answer to SHE was , if `` all '' Muslims are to be suspect , then why did WE sacrifice 4000 + of WE men and women to provide ALL with a Democracy . 
WE are willing to sacrifice WE lives to provide ALL with a democracy but start whining at ALL building a mosque , or a community center ? 
You tell GOP where that makes any sense . 
Unfortunately , most of the ones protesting the community center claim that ONES do n't have anything against Muslims , but if you are not able to distinguish between those that were responsible for 9\/11 and those who lost loved ones on 9\/11 , and want to build something that would be good , the claim becomes blurred . 
GOP just read an article where the leaders of the planned community center have decided against building CENTER there . 
ARTICLE would seem to GOP that if LEADERS had a malicious agenda LEADERS would not have given up . 
However , how do you feel about this : The New York Republican party is also said to be planning a hostile television campaign . 
Does n't sound like a bunch of Christians to GOP . 
What evil could GOP possible be planning ? 
If they are really such evil motivated people , again , why do most Republicans\/conservatives defend the Iraq war ? 
Now you have gone and called these Muslims ignorant . 
That THEY would not be able to figure out that THEY are being manipulated , sounds a little condescending and something that GOP find alarming coming from someone that calls CONDESCENDING a Christian . 
As if , those that oppose the Mosque are the only ones blessed with the ability to see beyond the obvious , and know what is in people 's hearts . 
There are other mosques in the area , and also bars . 
So , why does this one hold `` special '' powers ? 
On Sunday , Jon Kyl -LRB- R-AZ -RRB- went on Face the Nation and suggested , that with all the anchor babies running around , SUNDAY might be time to scrap the 14th Amendment . 
Now , the Senate Minority Leader agrees . 
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is the latest high-profile Republican to say Congress should reconsider the guarantee of birthright citizenship provided by the 14th Amendment , in light of the current debate over immigration reform . 
http:\/\/firedoglake.com\/2010\/08\/03\/re...-brown-people\/ I did n't say there was anything wrong with the Tea Party ideology , GOP was just reminding the other poster that even if 14TH claims 14TH is n't , 14TH posts say otherwise . 
But , as far as the right-wing , GOP , Tea Party saving our country , most of those people that are part of the Tea Party were George Bush supporters and OUR know what BUSH did to the country . 
And all GOP know of PEOPLE ideology is `` tax cuts for the wealthy '' ! 
Pardon the expression but that is a bunch of crap . 
That is the same rhetoric that Rush Limbaugh and the rest of the wealthy Republicans are saying because PEOPLE want to keep PEOPLE tax cuts . 
Wow ! 
GOP thought you sounded rational for a while - now you are beginning to sound like the rest of the `` scared to death by the GOP media '' crowd . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1406
ITS s a run down textile mill . 
No A am not saying that . 
CHRISTIAN am suspicious of why ITS being built were its being build and do not believe the developer . 
CHRISTIAN fully agree It was not the moderate Muslims fault that their religion is being hijacked by radical elements . 
The developers are within DEVELOPERS rights to build FAULT . 
And open and dedicate on 9\/11 . 
But having the right does not make building RIGHT right ! 
CHRISTIAN feel bad for both sides that there is so much torment over this mosque , however CHRISTIAN can understand why the majority of Americans are against MOSQUE . 
A Mosque five hundred feet from ground zero . 
The terrorists were Muslim extremist . 
The prayers will blast out over a loud speaker five times a day reminding the victims and the family s of the victims what happened . 
CHRISTIAN am happy you are of the faith ! 
CHRISTIAN too am a Christian . 
CHRISTIAN was a atheist prior to that but God broke CHRISTIAN legs to make CHRISTIAN an offer CHRISTIAN couldn t refuse ie die or try Christianity ! 
Ha ha . 
Anyway well with all due respect CHRISTIAN disagree with the popular interpretation of Romans . 
Here is a site that CHRISTIAN think mirrors CHRISTIAN understanding of that scripture . 
SITE s different than what you believe , but maybe we can at least understand each others beliefs . 
CHRISTIAN am guilty of calling Obama a few names out of anger and fear and agree ANGER not anything to be proud of , but CHRISTIAN do not think ANGER s a terribly bad sin . 
http:\/\/www.wnd.com\/news\/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=22417Sorry for not putting ANGER in CHRISTIAN own words but CHRISTIAN have been writing grant proposals for the missions two days and nights non stop so the least typing CHRISTIAN have to do the better ! 
HTTP:\/\/WWW.WND.COM\/NEWS\/ARTICLE.ASP?ARTICLE_ID=22417SORRY 500 feet from ground zero and the call to prayer will easily be heard at ground zero . 
CHRISTIAN am surprised that you think the 3000 families of the dead and double that number wounded would be lying about the harm this thing is going to do . 
That saddens CHRISTIAN that you would think that especially after you are so adamant about offending Obama by calling OBAMA names etc. . 
Think about 3000 . 
3000 families that s at least six to nine thousand people not to mention the survivors of the other attacks . 
CHRISTIAN don t think FAMILIES want to deny anyone FAMILIES rights , but this kind of thing will breed real anger and hurt . 
All for what ? 
What by protesting the mosque ? 
CHRISTIAN agree that some liberal politics are more in line with Jesus teachings , but CHRISTIAN would not fear Jesus if CHRISTIAN were in a peaceful protest march when JESUS came back . 
CHRISTIAN believe the developers of the mosque has hidden motives for building the mosque too . 
CHRISTIAN will be interested in seeing where the funding is coming from . 
Christians would not build a church on top of a Muslim cemetery for starters , and CHRISTIAN believe STARTERS would . 
CHRISTIAN are a Christian would you move your church if the situation was reversed ? 
CHRISTIAN would . 
With all due respect , you seem less and less like a Christian the more you talk . 
The ten commandants plaques are tradition in most cases . 
Congress prays for the tradition as well . 
In most cases CONGRESS s the attitude of activist atheists that make Christians bow up . 
In every case CHRISTIAN have seen these atheists want to harm or destroy Christianity by forcing ends to long held traditions . 
In many cases ATHEISTS want to harm us not to improve anything . 
Your ideas of obeying corrupt government are not Christian CHRISTIAN friend . 
CHRISTIAN wish you would take some time to read opposing views . 
That link CHRISTIAN gave you is a start . 
Remember Jesus was a rebel . 
True CHRISTIAN never have . 
CHRISTIAN am a Reverend . 
So CHRISTIAN see and talk to a lot of Christians . 
There is some ignorance out there , however most traditional christians do not hate all Muslims , just the radicalized terrorists that want to impose CHRISTIANS religion on us or murder US . 
CHRISTIAN already did in CHRISTIAN first post . 
CHRISTIAN gave several reasons and CHRISTIAN am researching this mosque hoping to run down the funding . 
What would you say if Islamic terrorists were funding part of the Mosque ? 
You are rather insensitive . 
Or maybe CHRISTIAN am misreading your post please clarify POST ? 
Yea and the Mosque too ? 
The New York Republican party is also said to be planning a hostile television campaign . 
REPUBLICAN depends on how hostile the program is CHRISTIAN suppose . 
REPUBLICAN all bad stuff . 
CHRISTIAN fear that the thing will get blown up or after THING built something will happen . 
CHRISTIAN just wish THEMSELVES would not put THEMSELVES and the city full of people in harms way and build somewhere else . 
see next post this one was over ten thousand letters over the limit ! 
end of part one ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1407
Part two ! 
If they are really such evil motivated people , again , THEY could be planning or preparing for anything . 
I am not saying THEY are . 
However I have been around the block a few times and I have found that when peoples deeds do not match THEY words someone is rotten in Denmark ! 
Too many things do not make sense ! 
We will have to wait and see I suppose . 
God help WE WE are going to need BLOCK . 
You have a very strange way of thinking , not real bad just strange . 
Absolutely no disrespect meant ! 
However , if I was casually reading your posts I would think that ATHEIST were a secular humanist atheist . 
Not a immoral atheist\/SH , but an atheist nevertheless Most conservatives must think the Iraq war was worthwhile . 
I don t and I do lean conservative . 
Huh ? 
Did you read I disclaimer ? 
Where did I call the Muslims ignorant ? 
I hope that is not your words in I mouth ! 
Oh only God will go to heaven and who will not . 
So if I were you I would not be throwing rocks cause you sure are living in a glass crib -LRB- house -RRB- ! 
No that s not what I said . 
Muslims as well as Christians follow MUSLIMS leaders . 
I do not trust the developers etc. . 
The general population of Muslims are wonderful people , which I have said over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over ! 
Even posting a disclaimer ! 
Because DISCLAIMER being dedicated on 9\/11 being built on nearly on top if not on top of the remains of victims , because the funding is hidden and VICTIMS will not reveal DISCLAIMER , because of the name of the center . 
And there is more . 
Thanks for your reply and write soon ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1408
I THINK Bush KEPT A SMALL AMOUNT OF SOLDIERS IN Afghanistan BECAUSE BUSH WAS NOT PLANNING ON PROCEEDING WITH THAT SENSLESS WAR ... . 
BUSH THOUGHT BUSH WOULD PLACE CREDENCE IN OUR BORDERS , AND PULL OUR MEN FROM That region since their is no grounds to fight , THEIR are holes , heat , and deflection , a war is stupid to fight in that region of the world , our men are much more important ... JolleeNOTE : Although Obama said this Afghanistan war was the right war ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1409
Hi Jolee . 
Well at least in Afghanistan we were killing the goons that supported the Taliban cowardly murderous actions of 9\/11 . 
The same can not be said for Iraq two though . 
I admire your passion . 
Rev AOh the attachment . 
I thin frame 1911 military spc .45 colt style pistol -LRB- 1911 a Springfield Armory -RRB- with Wilson combat magazine . 
I like a forty five for conceal carry because although SPC heavy HEAVY thin , thin enough to were a t over HEAVY . 
That big bullet is from a full size .50 browning Machine Gun round -LRB- BMG -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1410
Hi Jolee . 
Well at least in Afghanistan we were killing the goons that supported the Taliban cowardly murderous actions of 9\/11 . 
The same can not be said for Iraq two though . 
I admire your passion . 
Rev AOh the attachment . 
I thin frame 1911 military spc .45 colt style pistol -LRB- 1911 a Springfield Armory -RRB- with Wilson combat magazine . 
I like a forty five for conceal carry because although SPC heavy HEAVY thin , thin enough to were a t over HEAVY . 
That big bullet is from a full size .50 browning Machine Gun round -LRB- BMG -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1411
Are you saying that the model 1911 .45 caliber bullet is the same as the Browning .50 bullet ? 
Not the complete round , but just the bullet SAME . 
If so , you have n't any clue about weapons at all , and are simply a child trolling on this site . 
The only differences in the bullets are , different diameters , different lengths , different weights , different shapes , and can not be fired from the same gun , either .45 , or .50 . 
The similarities are that they are both called bullets . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1412
First , I wish you would learn how to post - FIRST would make FIRST a lot easier to respond to you if you used the conventional method provided by PF . 
And , to answer your question - No , QUESTION does n't make sense . 
If you are lumping all Muslims together as responsible for 9\/11 , then pray tell why in the hell are we killing WE soldiers to provide `` Muslims '' in Iraq with a democracy . 
That is what does n't make any sense . 
Conservatives cheer and whoop MUSLIMS up that 4000 + soldiers have given CONSERVATIVES lives to give Muslims in Iraq a democracy and then whine , -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- and revolt over Muslims building a community center . 
So , you blame all `` Muslims '' for what 19 Al-Qaeda terrorists did ? 
That figures . 
Ignorance abounds . 
The September 11 attacks -LRB- often referred to as September 11th or 9\/11 -RRB- were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by al-Qaeda upon the United States on September 11 , 2001 . 
On that morning , 19 al-Qaeda terrorists hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners . 
So , are you suggesting that all Islam Mosque 's in the US are dangerous and should be destroyed ? 
Your comment does n't make sense . 
I think your comments are convoluted . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1413
The fact that you ignore all the antics of the Tea Party , the crazy whacko 's like Sharon Angle and WHACKO off the wall suggestions , the rantings of Palin and Michelle Bachmann and claim that the Tea Party is somehow the answer to America 's problems is what is truly laughable . 
The way they bow at the knee at the mention of ANGLE name would make one wonder . 
Thank God , that it is not possible to bring GOD back , because , you may deny WAY , but I know a lot of Teabaggers that worship the ground GOD walks on . 
The near instantaneous growth of the tea party after the elections was because of the `` fear '' and `` anger '' that a `` black '' man was now at the helm . 
And the instantaneous support geared at Palin -LRB- Tea Party fave -RRB- , is another indication that the Tea Party is not really interested in people who exercise frugality to reflect TEABAGGERS conservatism , but rather in someone that uses catchy phrases , made-up words and does not practice conservatism in PEOPLE own life . 
Your rantings are truly comical . 
There is none more incompetent than Bush , and certainly McSame , who was not even able to tell the state of the economy when MCSAME was at the point of collapse , nor BUSH Caribou Barbie who does n't even read the newspapers and prides SOMEONE on foreign policy because SOMEONE thinks SOMEONE can see Russia from SOMEONE back porch , can compare with Obama 's intelligence , eloquence and capabilities . 
That is the dream of right-wing fanatics of Bush , because FANATICS would love for someone to replace that Bozo in the `` worst President '' category , unfortunately , MCSAME does n't look like MCSAME is going to happen . 
Already , Obama has been given accolades that Bush does n't even know how to pronounce . 
Obama 15th Greatest President Funny that you should mention that , being that Bozobush is known for having taken the most time off than any other president . 
Vacationing Bush Sets Record on Time Off That would have been Bush , Obama 's staff continues to work when BUSH is on vacation . 
RECORD is the constant sniping and whining from the `` right '' that wears on BUSH , but BUSH is resilient enough to withstand all that vitriol . 
And even if we lose seats in November , which is normal for the party of the sitting president , WE will still have a majority - and Reps\/cons will still be whining and crying and saying `` wait till next election '' ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1414
He is showing wear because HE is deeply lost . 
In way over HE head . 
HE 's so far out of HE capability that HE does n't even realize CAPABILITY , and is confused that nothing works . 
And nothing works because the top , oBum , does n't know what HE is doing . 
And HE gang of YES MEN thugs only know Chicago payola and threats politics . 
Beyond THUGS HE gets unworkable ideas from the Utopian dreamland far left . 
I 'd be surprised if HE is n't HAPPY to go in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1415
Another person that does n't know the conventional way of posting ! 
Grrr ! 
You 've been listening to Faux News too long . 
Reps may take a few seats , but CZARS doubt REPS will defeat anyone . 
Most of the Tea Partiers CZARS have seen interviewed do n't know up from down , think Glenn Beck should be president , claim Barack Obama is in the Bible as the `` anti-christ '' , think Obama was the first to use the term `` Czars '' , some are in support of Medicare , some want FIRST abolished - Watch this video - you 'll see how really ignorant and discombobulated SOME are : YouTube - 9.12 DC TEA PARTY - MARCH FOOTAGE WITH ... Nothing works ? 
BECK got Health Care reformed passed , something that neither HW Bush , nor Reagan , and certainly not Bozobush were able to accomplish . 
Also , BECK passed finance reform . 
BECK was able to get unemployment extended in spite of the selfish Republicans who only want to give tax cuts to the wealthy . 
So quit spewing lies , UNEMPLOYMENT makes your entire post look suspect . 
Now you are just venting venom and hate because you have nothing of substance to offer . 
The Republicans in Congress have shown where WEALTHY loyalties lie , with the very wealthy and the corporations ! 
Are you contributing to the BP fund - you know , the one to help BP clean up the mess CONTRIBUTING made so CONTRIBUTING wo n't have to spend any of CONTRIBUTING millions and have to cut bonuses for CONTRIBUTING CEO 's ? 
Your Republican Congressmen would appreciate FUND if you would contribute . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1416
Everything you post is obvious that it is what the left wing liberals have brainwashed you into thinking . 
Nothing you post shows any original thought . 
REPUBLICAN challenged you to GO and research and LEARN for yourself . 
But instead you preach the NYTimes or MSNBC line about the tea party . 
No personal experience , no personal knowledge . 
You are lost in your ideology . 
You continue to say things about REPUBLICAN candidate and about REPUBLICAN party and REPUBLICAN former President . 
Regardless of the FACT that REPUBLICAN have informed you that REPUBLICAN am not a Republican . 
And REPUBLICAN did not vote for Bush . 
You ask how to explain a sign at a tea party rally . 
1 . 
1 called free speech . 
Right or wrong , 1 free speech . 
2 . 
there have been proven instances of liberals attending tea party rallies to cause trouble and to show ignorant signs . 
But you do n't know since you will only believe what the leftist propagandists tell you to believe . 
But if you would go and SEE for yourself , you would see people displaying slurring signs being asked , in no uncertain terms to get out and stay out . 
And PEOPLE get out and stand in front of the liberal cameras . 
And PEOPLE KNOW right where PEOPLE have the liberal cameras . 
And seem to be on a first name basis with the liberal media people . 
But the smear campaign will fail because the liberals are up against an aroused American public . 
Not a self serving ideology . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1417
Just shows you that Harry Reid is just another chameleon with no convictions . 
Yeah , and I already pointed out to you that some of them do not want that Mosque there either . 
We 'll see about that . 
The Dems believe that DEMS is a living , breathing document . 
Obama said DEMS was a `` charter of negative liberties '' . 
If you think the Dems respect The Constitution , you have n't been paying attention . 
The Tea Party is what every American should support , unless you like big government , more bureaucracy , and more taxes . 
I guess you would re-elect Obama no matter how much that one-man wrecking ball is destroying this country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1418
That is an intentional LIE . 
Same as someone saying LIE is not a community center . 
CENTER is a community center AND a mosque . 
So CENTER IS a mosque . 
Saying CENTER not a mosque , only a community center is like saying a Catholic Church is a Bingo parlor . 
Bingo gets played but FIRST is a church , first and foremost . 
And the fiasco in NY is a mosque , first and foremost . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1420
This is so true . 
They wo n't campaign on HCR , bailouts , or the stimulus , because THEY know none of THEY are popular with The People . 
That just leaves what you mentioned : Bush ... oh , and the racist Tea Party movement . 
HOPE certainly hope THEY will not continue to campaign on `` Hope and Change '' because we can see where that is getting WE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1422
You just ca n't handle the truth , so go ahead and do like most Reps , hide under a rock and believe what Faux News tells you . 
Those were the members of your `` so-called high falutin Tea Party '' expressing MEMBERS dumbness . 
Sorry that you do n't see MEMBERS for what MEMBERS are and try and tell FALUTIN that MEMBERS are informed Americans ! 
Bwahaha ! 
Yeah , yeah , FALUTIN know . 
All of a sudden all those people that voted for Bush , do n't even know who Bush is ! 
FALUTIN do n't blame you for trying to distance yourself from that buffoon , BUFFOON really did n't do the country any good . 
Sure COUNTRY 's free speech , that is why the racists are able to carry RACISTS racist signs and get a free pass from the rest . 
Typical Republican\/conservative response - blame the Democrats , RACISTS infiltrated our party and RACISTS were the ones with the signs , right ! 
RACISTS capture COUNTRY on video - FALUTIN do n't have to be there to see the racist signs and RACISTS interview people , so FALUTIN can then hear PEOPLE `` lost '' look and dumb answers . 
America is getting to see just how whacky the Republicans have gotten . 
Really - now RACISTS are telling all RACISTS people that the Muslims are going to get RACISTS and kill RACISTS children - like the boogy-man ! 
Is that the only way you can get votes ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1423
Do you mean the America that has a 60\/40 disapproval rating against obama ? 
That America . 
Or the 20 % of Americans that trust the Democrats ? 
That America ? 
ORAnd this one is hilarious , The America that now sees a 45 to 44 approval rating of Bush over obie the idiot . 
That America ? 
In the USA we have 2 newspaper that lean right . 
ALL the rest are very to extremely leftist and do nothing but run what amounts to commercials for liberal ideas . 
WE have one TV station that leans right , but does present the other side . 
All the rest of TV is exactly like the leftist newspapers . 
On radio there are some right leaning to very right wing talk shows . 
And the same can be said for the left , only there are more of them . 
So in media matters the left dominates communication by more than 20 to 1 . 
Maybe 100 to 1 . 
Yet , America , does not believe the bill of goods the left is selling . 
America hears your story 20 or more times for every time they hear the story from the right , yet THEY side with the story from the right . 
Is the right that much more convincing , or is the right simply pointing out what the intelligent nation can see for NATION . 
You want more respect from America ? 
Stop insulting THEY intelligence . 
THEY can see the stupidity and unsustainability of your liberalism BETTER than you can . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1424
If your opinion is based on the following , I would suggest you stop reading FOX Nation and stop watching FOX News . 
Read some news papers or some fact-checking websites . 
Turn off the cable news . 
He is less than half way into HE term and has already kept or compromised on 160 . 
81 are stalled either due to Republican obstructionism -LRB- record fillibusters -RRB- or various other reasons . 
The majority are in the works , and 22 have been outright broken . 
You lied . 
SOURCE : http:\/\/www.politifact.com\/truth-o-meter\/promises\/ www.recovery.govwww.whitehouse.govE tc , etc. . 
I have never seen so much information been made open to the public by any administration . 
This is a matter of opinion , and I get the feeling judging by the tone of your previous posts that anything this administration does will not please you . 
Oh really ? 
I guess this never happened , then ? 
I guess the extra money I get each check is just a figment of I imagination ? 
I guess the credit when I filed I income tax last year was an illusion ? 
You lie . 
The Bush tax cuts sun-setting will not raise taxes on the middle class under the Democrat 's proposed plan . 
SUN-SETTING will only raise taxes on individuals grossing over $ 200,000 or families grossing over $ 250,000 . 
Do your homework . 
Also , stop lying . 
Saying LYING 's going to raise taxes on everyone is nothing but your own wistful thinking . 
Do n't peddle THINKING as fact . 
What ? 
LYING has actually cut useless or wasteful government programs in order to save a few billion dollars here and there . 
I think you 're mistaking Obama with Bush . 
Also , stop lying . 
Popular opinion is a fickle thing and changes depending on who is better at communicating their message . 
Republicans are notoriously good at doing so through emotionally charge rhetoric and propaganda . 
Some of us -LRB- I included -RRB- rely on facts to form US opinions rather than rhetoric , so while you may disagree -LRB- for whatever reason -RRB- with cost-saving measures such as insurance reform , SOME are the right thing to do both morally and financially . 
Yet again ... what the hell ? 
ICE has actually deported more people under Obama than PEOPLE did under Bush , and Obama has only been in office for a year and a half . 
Where are you getting your `` facts '' from ? 
Far too vague for I to argue against . 
Far too vague for I to argue against . 
Specifics ? 
While HIM is n't anything like the reincarnation of Franklin Delano Roosevelt that I was hoping for , I will certainly vote for him over anyone the Republicans field , unless a Teddy Roosevelt Republican comes out of the woodwork . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1426
The campaign promise has been filled you know ... according to the clowns in the Whitehouse we are pulling out of this recession . 
CLOWNS have CLOWNS heads so far in the sand with ears plugged saying '' Lalalala . 
I ca n't hear you America '' . 
http:\/\/rds.yahoo.com\/_ylt=A0oGdG9DUX...-dip-recession 
CURRENTPOSTID 1427
Technically , they are correct . 
Until we see negative GDP growth for more than 2 quarters in a row , THEY will continue to assert this as well . 
But with the calculations changes for unemployment as well as the change from GNP to GDP to track the economy , the figures have been much more forgiving for the feds to report these figures to the general public . 
Still , does n't help the public at all . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1429
Maybe you need to expand your knowledge , and turn on the cable news and listen to talk radio . 
You only get the warm fuzzies from the MSM . 
Obstructing Obama is a good thing . 
OBAMA has been forced to be more transparent , but OBAMA did n't start off that way as promised . 
Just wait until 1\/1\/2011 , at which time taxes will be raised for everyone to cover HCR . 
All tax brackets increase . 
OBAMA spending dwarfs any cuts . 
Assuming all goes well and stays on track ? 
LOL ! 
The deficits from Obama will be history-making . 
Obamacare was against the wishers of The People . 
Many want LOL repealed now . 
No thanks to Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1434
Typical liberal reasoning . 
Does n't really have any meaning or substance . 
There I fixed it for you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1435
Remember that whole banning lobbyist from THAT Admin ? 
That did n't even last 1 day . 
http:\/\/www.washingtonexaminer.com\/politics\/Obama-makes-a-mockery-of-his-own-lobbyist-ban-83385832.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 1436
Typical liberal reasoning . 
Does n't really have any meaning or substance . 
Are you trying to have a reasonable and meaningful conversation with me ? 
Maybe you 're trying to ask ME why ME like Obama . 
Or maybe CONVERSATION that you 're puzzled by someone thinking YOU would most likely vote for someone YOU like now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1437
I wanna know how he can take credit for the combat troops leaving Iraq . 
Troops are Troops . 
An Engineer , Intel Analyst , Civic Affairs , JAG or whatever still goes to Boot Camp and learns some form basic combat skills . 
GOES have to or GOES do n't get deployed . 
But that 's not even the crux of INTEL . 
All that 's changed is Obama and DoD retitled Brigade Combat Teams to `` advisory and assistance brigades . '' 
The troops still in Iraq will still be in combat when TROOPS go on missions with Iraqi troops . 
Doubt this information ? 
Read up on 2\/25th -LRB- 2nd Stryker Bridge , 25th Inf Division -RRB- and TROOPS recent deployment to FOB Warhorse . 
Obama has lied 
CURRENTPOSTID 1439
You 'll never hear Obama say OBAMA 's taking credit for it . 
CREDIT must have been a Fox News contributer that fed you that info . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1440
I would like to know why you like him ... What has HIM done that you like ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1441
Making UNPOPULAR decisions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1442
That 's sort of what I was thinking . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1444
He is not making unpopular decisions . 
HE is making ideological decisions that do not and have not worked . 
The decisions are unpopular because people that do not share HE rigid ideology see them as stupid decisions . 
Like spending our way to prosperity on borrowed money . 
Or , `` OUR are going to win the Afghan war and leave next year . '' 
Stupid . 
If he was not both driven and bound by HE ideology , HE would react to the problems instead of pushing the same old , same old , tired program . 
Once again last night , in HE speech , HE philosophizes with no specifics , and then promotes , more regulation , education reform , and cap and trade . 
More regulation = more taxes ON EVERYONE . 
Reform education = more taxes on everyone . 
Cap and trade = more taxes on everyone . 
In case you have n't broken his code . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1445
Well Dan , instead of pointing the finger , post your own ideas ? 
We 're so quick to point the finger & rack up points , but WE have no fvcking clue on how to fix things . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1446
Hundreds of ideas have been offered , by me , by others . 
But HUNDREDS are contrary to his rigid , unchangeable , ideological position . 
The health care debate on TV was the prime living example . 
Obama calls for an open conference on health care reform ideas . 
Even the day before the conference OBAMA is publicly saying the Republican are the party of NO. . 
That 's on the EVE of a ` compromise ' conference OBAMA asks for . 
Then in the actual OBAMA dismisses out of hand EVERY idea put forth . 
No assessment of ACTUAL merit or lack , just does n't fit OBAMA goal . 
OBAMA also insults a crippled wounded combat American hero in a completely hateful and arrogant manner . 
OBAMA also states that although OBAMA will not use any Republican ideas , OBAMA will no longer say that they do not have any ideas . 
The NEXT day OBAMA says , the Republicans do not have any ideas . 
OBAMA has no clue how to negotiate anything . 
In multiple situations OBAMA has either acted in a knee-jerk fashion without waiting for full information , or has not reacted at all when OBAMA needed to . 
A real , capable executive , knows when to act and when to hold back . 
OBAMA gets FASHION wrong both ways . 
There are very strict protocols of what to do and what to say and how to say FASHION when dealing with other Governments . 
Obama IGNORES the advice of the State Dept. and does whatever OBAMA wishes , as OBAMA wishes . 
The result is a constant mixed and confused message being sent to both our friends and OUR enemies . 
And ALWAYS , confusion is seen as weakness by both friend and foe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1448
Ah but I think you fail to see his true colors ! 
HIS has abandoned the legal working middle class of Americans completely knowing that HIS has lost US by HIS broken promises and forcing HIS agenda upon us such as the much disliked atrocity called the health care plan . 
Anyway look at who HIS is befriending ! 
The illegal aliens which means the Hispanic voting block . 
And of course the black voting block . 
I beleive that this is a calculated strategy and one that will fail because the votes are not there . 
I used to beleive as you until I began realizing that HISPANIC was ignoring the wishes of the voters over and over so many times I began asking I why is HISPANIC doing that ? 
So no HISPANIC is playing HISPANIC ace in the hole and giving VOTERS everything VOTERS want in a desperate hope that VOTERS will win HISPANIC reelection IMO . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1449
aEXCERPT ; Yes HE too wish we as a nation were as loved as WE supposedly were in the early 60 's . 
HE read a book from that era that was entitled how to go around the world on a pound of pot and a backpack . 
Ha ha that was before Nam had really been in living rooms for long enough to poison the world against WE the JFK was in Office and everyone seemed to love WE or so that was what HE have been told . 
But then Nam lasted ten years then there was other bad things including the CIA in south America and the middle east wars . 
HE too thought Obama might change that . 
But no he has been a disappointment because the man is all about MAN . 
MAN only wants MAN vision of what MAN thinks the USA should be , which seems to be a semi or totally socialist country where everyone is dependent on government . 
No Obama is toxic . 
HE beleive that the man is a threat to the survival of our nation . 
HE could explain why MAN trillion dollar here and trillion dollar there plans of flushing good money after bad will probably stop the feeble recovery and maybe force OUR into a depression which will have world wide consequences . 
If the USA really crashes in a 1920s style depression -LRB- USA will be much worse really -RRB- the world will crash with OUR . 
And then OUR will really be hated ! 
\*\*\* -LRB- a nervous ha ha ... -RRB- \*\*\* please forgive the dark humor ... ? 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1450
Hundreds of ideas have been offered , by me , by others . 
But HUNDREDS are contrary to his rigid , unchangeable , ideological position . 
The health care debate on TV was the prime living example . 
Obama calls for an open conference on health care reform ideas . 
Even the day before the conference OBAMA is publicly saying the Republican are the party of NO. . 
That 's on the EVE of a ` compromise ' conference OBAMA asks for . 
Then in the actual OBAMA dismisses out of hand EVERY idea put forth . 
No assessment of ACTUAL merit or lack , just does n't fit OBAMA goal . 
OBAMA also insults a crippled wounded combat American hero in a completely hateful and arrogant manner . 
OBAMA also states that although OBAMA will not use any Republican ideas , OBAMA will no longer say that they do not have any ideas . 
The NEXT day OBAMA says , the Republicans do not have any ideas . 
OBAMA has no clue how to negotiate anything . 
In multiple situations OBAMA has either acted in a knee-jerk fashion without waiting for full information , or has not reacted at all when OBAMA needed to . 
A real , capable executive , knows when to act and when to hold back . 
OBAMA gets FASHION wrong both ways . 
There are very strict protocols of what to do and what to say and how to say FASHION when dealing with other Governments . 
Obama IGNORES the advice of the State Dept. and does whatever OBAMA wishes , as OBAMA wishes . 
The result is a constant mixed and confused message being sent to both our friends and OUR enemies . 
And ALWAYS , confusion is seen as weakness by both friend and foe . 
After parsing thru the rant , ME did n't see one idea proposed in there on how Dan would have fixed things . 
Did anyone else ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1451
Really ? 
So he did n't sit in the oval office talking about it last night ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1452
Well I refuse to continually repeat I for the slow . 
But you may search back and find I suggestions . 
That 's what words like , `` Hundreds of ideas have been offered , by YOU , by others . '' 
That ideas HAVE been presented . 
If your memory is insufficient or you do not wish to look . 
That is your choice . 
And since you have absolutely nothing to post other than your liberal ideological brain damage . 
I could not possibly care less what you say or `` think . '' 
If you do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1453
Youngsters ! 
The novel , `` The Ugly American . '' 
was published in 1958 . 
It was written because of the way Americans were even then universally hated worldwide . 
And what we did to foster that hate . 
Even in WWII when WE were staging in England for the D-Day invasion of Europe , WE good friends the British said -LRB- in 1942-1944 -RRB- `` The trouble with the Americans is that WE are over sexed , over fed , and over here ! 
`` For over 150 years WE have been the HAVES . 
And WE have not been shy about YEARS . 
Human nature should tell BRITISH that the HAVE NOTS are not going to appreciate WE . 
BHO has done nothing to change that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1454
Good for you . 
I stand by I post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1455
I hope you packed a lunch and are wearing good shoes because you 'll be standing there a while . 
A LEFT WING POLLING COMPANY TOOK A POLL IN OHIO . 
Who would you rather have for President `` Obama 42 % Bush 50 % 
CURRENTPOSTID 1456
You do n't say ? 
How about that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1458
Constitutional Law ? 
He only follows constitutional law when LAW suits HE . 
. 
BigBob 
CURRENTPOSTID 1459
The President is incompetent unqualified , unfortunately , , , , , We will begin too turn around when WE have a Republican Congress , just like most of Clinton 's service , WE have to have balance and check , that is only achieved with opposites in the White house and Congress , , , , Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1462
GOP Solutions presented earlier this year : http:\/\/www.gop.gov\/solutionsMore from the House Whip : http:\/\/republicanwhip.house.gov\/YouCut\/One thing is for sure : Another blow to the economy come 1\/1\/2011 , when tax hikes galore will occur for every American that actually pays taxes , and does not suck off the system as a career choice . 
Link : http:\/\/www.atr.org\/six-months-untilb...x-hikes-a5171# 
CURRENTPOSTID 1463
I do n't have a great deal of faith in any politician no matter what party affiliation they claim . 
But The Republicans have put forth dozens of suggestions since oBum took power . 
But the liberal mindset is that if a suggestion , or plan , does not fit DOZENS liberal ideology , not only is SUGGESTION ignored . 
DOZENS ignore MINDSET so completely , DOZENS act like , and CLAIM , that no suggestions were ever offered . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1464
That 's because , without exception , the crap THAT have offered amounts to simply more of the same tired ass crap that got us into the mess US have now . 
The problem with the conservative ideology is that thinking for oneself is a sin and anything that says otherwise is deemed socialism and evil . 
See ^ ^ ^ ^ I can play the stupid broad generalization game too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1465
I rest I case ! 
Here is a person that can not name any suggestions not proposed by a liberal . 
And still backs all liberal suggestions even tho in about 2 years -LRB- 4 years if you start with the Democrat controlled Congress in 2007 -RRB- NONE of the liberal efforts have done anything but fail and waste money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1466
Just because it happens on his watch , does n't mean HIS is taking credit for IT . 
HIS simply announced that the Iraq war has ended . 
That 's WAR . 
Someone had to make the announcement , right ? 
. 
If . had n't made a public announcement , you 'd be flaming . for that too . 
You just need a reason to keep hating . . 
In my mind , no administration can fix our problems . 
MY predict that the next one 's fans will be pointing FANS fingers at Obama for why FANS ca n't fix FANS either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1467
Wow , where do you have your tent set up ? 
You are a pyschic fortune reader right ? 
After all , you the arrogance to assume you know everything about me and ME politics on the basis of two short posts . 
Never mind , IDEOLOGUE are an ideologue and as such not worth the time or effort TIME would take to educate you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1468
You bob and weave well , , , obvious , but well . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1469
Any administration with an open mind and the balls to do MIND could fix the problems . 
MIND would be painful for all and more so for politicians when the problems are shown to be POLITICIANS fault . 
But NO , no administration will fix anything by following POLITICIANS ideological prejudice . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1470
The Dems have plenty of fault to take the blame for in getting us in this mess also . 
So far , I have not seen anything from the Obama Administration that gives US a glimmer of hope or change on the horizon . 
Obama is spending US into oblivion . 
OBAMA `` Summer Of Recovery '' is a big joke , and just wait until next year when taxes increase . 
If OBAMA gets OBAMA way with Cap & Trade and Amnesty , US 're in for some real hurt . 
Obama is just too stupid to see OBAMA destructive ways . 
I really believe OBAMA thinks OBAMA 's right in what OBAMA is doing . 
I do n't know what playbook OBAMA is using , but OBAMA had better close PLAYBOOK and look at the cover . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1471
I completely agree . 
And that is why , even though at heart I disagree with most liberal positions , I am not in favor of the republican party regaining power anytime soon . 
I like the shakeup effect the tea party is having on the republicans and I think the party would benefit from stewing in REPUBLICANS own -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- a while longer . 
Maybe then , when REPUBLICANS start listening to REPUBLICANS constituents again and start looking after the interests of America rather than just lining CONSTITUENTS own pockets , REPUBLICANS will be worth voting for again . 
Until then , I am likely to vote for Obama again as -LRB- as I stated in a post just a little ways back in this here very thread -RRB- the lesser of two evils . 
And no , I have not seen anything put forth by the republicans lately that was really worth consideration . 
REPUBLICANS seem to have based REPUBLICANS entire strategy on doing and saying whatever REPUBLICANS think will most obstruct and\/or tear down Obama and the democratic party . 
When REPUBLICANS start acting in America 's interests rather than the republican party 's interests , REPUBLICANS might become relevant again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1472
I have never absolved the democrats of any blame . 
I just find it extremely hypocritical of republicans to claim the democrats are solely responsible for the mess this country is in and particulary hilariously hypocritical why DEMOCRATS claim to be more fiscally responsible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1473
Why do you say that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1474
We know this mess is the fault of many , including folks on all sides of the aisle . 
Barney Frank is a big culprit , since FRANK was made aware of the problems with Freddie and Fannie several years ago , but FRANK said MANY were `` sound financial institutions '' . 
Boy was FRANK wrong . 
Also , `` fiscal responsibility '' and `` politicians '' is like `` oil '' and `` water '' . 
However , it is very clear that the Dems and the Obama administration are spending money POLITICIANS do n't have like DEMS grows on trees , or is being printed at the BEP at a record rate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1476
ummm ... czars anyone ? 
Firing auto CEO 's from the White House and handing over ownership of a company to a union ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1477
Obama never planned on fixing anything for America . 
OBAMA priorities are redistribution of wealth , reparations domestically and internationally , implementing the tenets of socialism , and helping the Muslim world to expand . 
If anything , chaos and problems within America make CHAOS easier to slide these things through , and OBAMA 's all about that , not making America stronger and less likely to accept OBAMA priorities . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1478
That 's exactly why THAT maintain that he is destructive for America , HE is anything but an American , and HE must not be re-elected . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1479
Here 's the Republican alternative : http:\/\/republicanwhip.house.gov\/Jobs\/Pander to the electorate . 
Cut taxes , run up more debt . 
Same old thing that got us $ 13 trillion into debt . 
But the pass the buck generation will lap PASS up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1480
That 's as irresponsible a quote as DITCH have seen in this conservative dead-head thread . 
DITCH can quote again and again ALL the irresponsible machinations that the Republicans have thrust upon THAT since Saint Ronnie Reagan and come to fruition under Bratboy Bush , and not one conservative here or elsewhere will admit to the total and utter failure of `` trickle down war economics '' that put THAT in the deep economic `` ditch '' THAT 're now in . 
The entire Republican `` plan '' is `` just say NO !!!! '' 
to everything , even to those amendments JUST managed to put into every bill PLAN took Democrats to twist arms to get passed . 
The tea party is NOW the leader in everything Republican . 
And , JUST are totally out of JUST minds -- as if JUST ever had any ! 
Sharron Angle is so intolerant , temperate men would lament that she needs to get laid . 
Michelle Bachman could use a good lay as well . 
Even Saint Ronnie Reagan would balk at the intemperate rhetoric these two twisted witches spew from WITCHES brew ! 
Macbeth would shy from WITCHES acid laced tonic . 
Like Palin , these women use the Neoconservative poison that drips from the pen of William Kristol . 
Talk about a minion on Satan 's team ! 
SATAN demented economic ideology is what got us into 2 ill-begotten wars and a depression near the equal of that that was kicked off by the stock market crash in 1929 . 
-LRB- If US do n't pay attention to history , US are doomed to repeat IDEOLOGY ! -RRB- 
Obama has been in office less than 2 years and OBAMA 's supposed to clean up the godawful mess YEARS took Republicans 6 years and 2 wars to destroy the economy and the morale of the American people . 
Now Republicans want voters to give VOTERS the keys to the economy once again to send more jobs to China , force Americans to die rather than get needed health care and make sure that a quality education goes only to those who can pay for EDUCATION , like VOTERS billionaire cronies . 
Call that Un-American ? 
You bet !!! 
!!! 's about as UN-American as !!! gets . 
`` All men are created equal to pursue life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness '' ? 
Not in this lifetime , so long as Republicans can deprive us of the `` dream ! '' 
in order to line their pockets with the gold from Chinese Communist banks . 
Will DITCH vote for Obama in 2010 . 
YES !! 
No Republican will get DITCH vote for as long as DITCH live -- and DITCH live in Texas ! 
God Forbid !!!! 
any Republican live as long as DITCH do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1481
Why do you say that ? 
ummm ... czars anyone ? 
Firing auto CEO 's from the White House and handing over ownership of a company to a union ? 
What part of the constitution is Obama violating ? 
Was this CEO successful , asked to leave and CEO said , sure ? 
CONSTITUTION not like the bailout was given in a time of prosperity . 
If there was n't a problem we would n't be talking about this . 
About the bailouts -LRB- starting with Bush in 2008 -RRB- if you 're concerned about homeland security , WE are in the middle of a war on a few fronts : would allowing the chips fall where they may be a smart thing to do for this country ? 
And how would that affect the endless ways WE interact with the rest of the world ? 
Giving tax payer money without conditions and some management of what happens with that money -LRB- who where and what MONEY goes to -RRB- does n't make sense . 
MONEY would be worse than doing nothing 
CURRENTPOSTID 1484
well said ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1485
Not nearly as bad as the Dems , and exactly what do you think the current Administration is doing ? 
Running up debt into astronomical amounts . 
You talk of the `` pass the buck '' generation ? 
Well , Obama is creating the `` pass the buck to THE generation '' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1486
Obama restarted the paygo program . 
Obama is talking about raising taxes after the economy is recovered . 
Obama reformed the healthcare system to save us hundreds of billions . 
And Obama is ending the money pit that is the Iraq war . 
OBAMA 's doing great things for the deficit . 
The only reason the deficit is as high as DEFICIT is now is because REASON costs a lot of money to fix the mess the so called conservatives left . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1487
You should put a warning label on your posts . 
`` Too much common sense and rational thought may cause cons heads to explode . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1488
So far , no attempt has been made to `` paygo . '' 
Unless you wish to count the $ 26 billion Teacher Stimulus which is to be paid for by taking money out of the FOOD STAMP PROGRAM . 
1 . 
There must be a more wasteful program available to get that money , and 2 . 
PROGRAM WILL NEVER HAPPEN . 
Not a dime will be cut out of food stamps . 
The health care system has not been ` reformed ' SYSTEM has been further invaded by know-nothing bureaucrats and will cost TRILLIONS more than SYSTEM already does . 
Already the CBO says CBO will cost more than BUREAUCRATS estimated . 
Democrat candidates for Nov. are avoiding any mention of BHO or obamacare . 
The Iraq war is but a small fraction of our budget and the difference between `` Mission Accomplished , '' and `` Combat is over , '' is word choice only . 
The mission was not accomplished and combat is NOT over in Iraq . 
And blaming EXCUSE on the other guy is a completely worn out EXCUSE . 
And EXCUSE is purely an EXCUSE for a lack of accomplishment on BHO 's part . 
And what has BHO done for the deficit ? 
BHO HAS INCREASED THE NATIONAL DEBT BY $ 2.81 trillion in less than 2 years with BHO , and the Democrat controlled Congress , insane deficit spending . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1489
Obama started OBAMA presidential career with a 1.2 trillion dollar deficit . 
The latest prediction is that the 2010 deficit will be 1.3 trillion . 
That 's only a 100 billion dollar rise in the deficit . 
Which is astonishingly low considering the economy and the unavoidable rise in deficits that happens in every recession due to increased welfare costs . 
http:\/\/www.salon.com\/news\/feature\/20...dget_deficit_1In comparison by this time in Bush 's presidency Bush raised the deficit by 200 billion and BUSH was n't in a recession . 
In other words ... republicans are giant hypocrites . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1490
unemployment has not be rising for 14 straight months . 
MONTHS peaked a year ago and has been lower ever since . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1492
His constitutional authority does not allow HIS to create a shadow congress of czars , unelected and absolutely no oversight by anyone but the Emperor EMPEROR . 
HIS has no constitutional authority whatsoever to do anything with daily operations or ownership of a private corporation . 
Yet HIS gave ownership to union donors , fired a CEO that answers only to a private board , and made decisions on which dealerships to close directly from the White House , favoring supporters and dems . 
Your excuses for this are mind-numbing . 
THIS 's essentially illegal , and without Pelosi , Reid , and a dem majority , impeachment would not be unrealistic . 
REID and Holder have no constitutional authority to stop legal actions against the club wielding thugs at the voting precinct . 
AUTHORITY 's like something out of Cuba or Venezuela . 
You 've got to be horrifically thick to try and pretend these things away . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1494
Could n't have sung it better myself . 
MYSELF like the sound of that tune . 
Play !!! again , Sam !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1495
Dr. Obama has never done anything unconstitutional . 
OBAMA cohorts in the legislative branch however continually find ways to violate Article 1 Section 8 of the USC . 
That is why we are in this economic mess today . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1496
I volunteer to take one for the team and sleep with Sarah Palin . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1497
Oh , WE sweetie pie tea party enthusiast , just like the Mad Hatter and in spite of your obvious paranoia , we `` love '' SPITE when you talk dirty ! 
Somebody needs a !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1498
Your total rejoinder is a claim by a left wing website that he has a 1.3 TRILLION deficit ?? 
If Bush 's $ 1,2 trillion deficit was bad , AND BAD CERTAINLY WAS , how in hell is obummers $ 1.3 trillion deficit GOOD ? 
And please , do n't claim DEFICIT the Republican 's fault . 
That lamo EXCUSE is totally worn out , and the fact is the Democrats have been IN CHARGE since Jan. 2007 . 
The Republicans WERE awful , and were REPLACED in the Nov. 2006 elections and the Dems sworn in in Jan 2007 . 
Or did n't you know that . 
So the truly awful Republicans -LRB- no disagreement there -RRB- were replaced by the Democrats who HAVE DONE WORSE ! 
Pelosi , and Reid have been in CONGRESS for 20 + years and Biden even longer . 
What were they doing ? 
We NEED to dump career , and corrupt -LRB- same thing -RRB- politicians of both parties . 
The Republicans deserved to be replaced , AND WERE . 
Now the Democrats are even more deserving of being thrown out . 
Sadly that only leaves the Republicans to take the Democrats place , and POLITICIANS are looking LESS evil than the Dems . 
Both are BAD ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1499
Pay her enough and HER 'll gladly accommodate anyone seeking HER favor . 
Just guard against STDs ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1500
You wanna know why 1.3 trillion is good ? 
because when we had a surplus G.W. cut taxes , increased spending , and took a machete to regulations . 
When Obama took office right after the http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?gl=IE&amp;h...&amp;v=mEkY7_i7MJs . 
Now , instead of raising taxes when WE had a surplus and the economy was good , SURPLUS was thrown away , dribbled into haliburton and the banks . 
Because the Bush tax cut for the rich expired 1.4 years into Obama 's term , it was meant to make BUSH look like BUSH was raising taxes in a time in recession when in fact it was just a ploy to make the democratic president , whoever CUT was look bad , because even Bush knew after the havic BUSH knew BUSH 'd create no republican would take office after HAVIC . 
So is Obama perfect ? 
no. . 
Was OBAMA dealt a bad hand ? 
yes , YES had no where but down to go , and without spending for stimulous we 'd keep going down . 
Is Obama doing what truly needs to be done to fix WE broken system of government feeding the rich who gamle WE money away ? 
no , but honestly OBAMA think republicans would be even worse , historically speaking than the man in office now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1501
Maybe you have a point . 
But , just `` maybe . '' 
If BOTH are BAD , what 's your solution ? 
Another party ? 
I 'll buy that , but who do you recommend ? 
The tea party ? 
Not even Osama bin Laden would finance that group of rattlesnakes -LRB- Do n't tread on I ! -RRB- 
and LADEN has incentive to do so since electing them is the same as electing LADEN . 
Sorry , that dog wo n't hunt ! 
Seriously , if the Republicans could muster a `` real '' American candidate , as an Independent , I might vote for him\/her . 
But , THEM got no one ! 
All Republicans do is whine , complain , lie and say , `` NO ! '' 
Them 's the facts , Danny boy . 
Them 's the facts ! 
They shot THEY in the foot with Bratboy Bush -- or should I cite Cheney as the shooter ? 
Now , all THEY can do is hobble around on crutches blaming Obama for THEY inability to run the marathon without tea party help . 
Ohhhhhhhh , the pain of NOW all ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1502
There is no Tea Party like a Democrat Party or Republican Party . 
Tea Party is a misnomer taken from the Boston tea party of history . 
The tea party is NOT a political party . 
MOVEMENT is a groundswell movement of many DIVERSE groups with only a few things in common with one another . 
Out of Control Govt spending and the National Debt would be 2 complaints that most tea party groups have in common . 
How to fix those things and many , many others are points of disagreement in the various tea parties , same as MANY are in society in general . 
Now some have used the name Tea Party for SOME own political purposes and gain . 
But the ` tea party ' is really a dissatisfied American public . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1504
No I wont , he does not have a clue , never ran a small business , which is prevalent in congress , NO have no idea what BUSINESS takes and how the small business population creates jobs and invest in the economy ... Just more of the same , Democrats have been in power in congress since 2006 , NO persuaded Bush to pass NO bills , look where BUSINESS has taken us ! 
Bush got too mushy during BUSH last four years with Pelosi in power , I wonder why ? 
US are screwed for quite sometime with the economy , unfortunately ! 
Mostly because Obama is just doing the same , Pelosi must be quite convincing ... Jolleel 
CURRENTPOSTID 1505
if by groundswell you mean a fox news movement then yes ... the next few years are going to suck , but the reps have no one right now . 
Ron Paul 2012 ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1506
I agree with Dan40 , he has defined the ground roots movement ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1507
IF YOU truly believe that a single CABLE TV station can sway the thinking of an entire nation while all OTHER media outlets are condemning FOX and presenting a completely different scenario , YOU , like most all liberals have drank your Kool-Aid until you are blind , deaf , and dumb -LRB- as in stupid -RRB- One CABLE station , and EVERYONE does not have cable , has more power than all the other media combined ??? 
You are being completely silly and illogical . 
The TRUTH is that THIS nation is fed up with the miserably incompetent , corrupt Chicago Cabal running the White House . 
And TRUTH IS disgustingly obvious to all with working MINDS that obummers ideological nonsense `` fixes '' have not worked and will not work . 
All of the nation , but Kool-Aid drunken liberals , can see and know that is the FACT of the USA today . 
And IF you truly believe what you 're saying , then the Nov. elections are going to be much , much worse for the liberals and that is not good . 
When the Republicans win and LIBERALS WILL , NOV. should only be by a tiny margin , otherwise LIBERALS can go just as crazy as the liberal Democrats did . 
Republicans will win in Nov. but we 've got to have LIBERALS think LIBERALS 're on thin ice too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1511
Do n't forget to kill American jobs and help along outsourcing . 
Those are Republican ideals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1512
November 's coming friend ! 
The DemWits have really been in charge of Congress since 2006 ... . 
Four years of crap , can cause significant damage , bush was too nice to Nancy Pelosi , the big spender ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1513
Jollee , your right and they know RIGHT , THEY also know THEY voted for the war . 
Not to mention screwing the economy with THEY great house give a way . 
Nowthey admit , , , Oh those people could not afford those homes ... DUH !!!! 
How did PEOPLE finally figure that out ? 
My God a small business man like MY has seen the poor do the dumbest things time and time again . 
MY have had to sit with clients -LRB- car Ins -RRB- , and tell CLIENTS . 
. '' 
Dont get MY wrong MY will make money if you buy this new Mercedes , , , but but , , YOU could not make payments on your 98 Chevy , , how are you going to do this , , , -LRB- answer every time -RRB- ... ... ... Gee Dave , MY have no idea ... These are the very same people our Government is not smart enough to figure out , that 's down right scary . 
Know what ? 
, MY dont think PEOPLE are that dumb , everything the Dems do keep these people in poverty . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1514
My guess is that when the Dems get a whoppin in Nov. . 
The DNC will DUMP obama and start looking for a viable candidate for 2012 . 
Already all the Dems up for re-election are treating obama like CANDIDATE has the Plague . 
CANDIDATE shows up for a fund raiser and the local candidate is `` out of town . '' 
DEMS the POTUS , and the candidate is `` out of town ? '' 
Now THAT `` S funny ! 
Some fund raising dinners with obama have had the prices dropped by 90 + % and one they gave tickets away to fill the joint . 
This is the guy you want to vote for . 
GUY own political hacks do n't want anything to do with GUY . 
GUY will go down in history as the longest any president was a `` lame duck . 
`` GUY came in a Messiah , GUY 's going out a Pariah ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1516
Bush 8 years of crap on the American public . 
Maybe YEARS 's that Republican math you 're using ... all emotional but nothing rational . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1518
NEWS FLASH !!! 
NEWS FLASH !!! 
NEWS FLASH !!! 
Since January 2007 , PARTY has been the Democratic Party in control of the Congress AND SPENDING . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1519
Obama is not following the paygo program . 
Obama wants to raise taxes now , before the economy recovers , Obamacare will do anything but save money , and OBAMA is doing things to increase the deficit . 
The only thing that has happened so far that will save us money , was the draw-down of Iraq . 
However , much of that expense is just being shifted to Afghanistan . 
The reason the deficit is getting so high , is because Obama and OBAMA Democratic goons are spending US into oblivion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1521
NEWSFLASH !! 
Most of our current deficit came from programs that were started prior to 2007 . 
Like the Iraq War and the Bush tax cuts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1522
NUMBER 's not good . 
NUMBER 's still a bad number . 
The thing that IS good is that he is moving up at a much slower rate and is passing policies that will eventually drive the deficit down . 
I gaurantee ... mark I word ... that 2011 's deficit will be lower than the 1.2 trillion HE started with . 
Because democratic policies and only democratic policies lower the deficit . 
If you want a deficit that is higher than 1.2 trillion dollars then vote Republican in 2010 and 2012 . 
Because that 's all republicans are good for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1523
Obama has not proposed any such program of raising taxes before the recovery is over . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1524
He 's letting the Bush tax cuts expire . 
HE may agree to keep them in place for middle America , however , but small business will suffer . 
Many tax increases come into play on 1\/1\/2011 due to Obamacare . 
Cap & Trade : Tax Increases , energy increases = increase in the cost of goods and services . 
Report : Obama 's tax increase on oil and gas would cost thousands of jobs : President Obama 's proposed tax increases on oil and gas companies would cause over 154,000 workers to lose THOUSANDS jobs , according to a new report by Louisiana State University economist Dr. Joseph Mason . 
The report also finds that Obama 's proposal would reduce economic output by $ 341 billion and create over $ 68 billion in lost wages nationwide . 
`` Though politicians think POLITICIANS are selectively targeting ` Big Oil ' with these energy tax proposals , POLITICIANS would actually devastate thousands of small American businesses nationwide as well as the workers who depend on POLITICIANS , '' Mason said in prepared remarks . 
`` With at least 150,000 U.S. jobs at stake in fields ranging from healthcare to real estate 150,000 's clear that the cost of repealing Section 199 and dual capacity far outweigh the potential benefit of increased government revenues that may be derived from the proposal . 
`` Obama recently proposed paying for OBAMA $ 50 billion plan to improve the country 's infrastructure system by increasing taxes on the oil and gas industry . 
Mason points out that if Congress follows through on MASON plan , the effect might be worse than MASON calculations because MASON estimates do not include how individual investors would be affected by the tax increase . 
Source : http:\/\/thehill.com\/blogs\/on-the-mone...s-to-lose-jobsLieberman throws cold water on Obama 's tax proposal : Writers on the left end of the spectrum seemed buoyed by would-be Speaker John Boehner 's statement over the weekend that OBAMA party could , in fact , support President Barack Obama and the Democrats on a partial extension of the Bush-era tax cuts . 
The Obama position - the same one endorsed back home by members of the Congressional delegation and candidates like Attorney General Richard Blumenthal - is that the income tax cuts should be extended for people making less than $ 250,000 per year , as well as for businesses . 
The only cuts that would be allowed to expire as scheduled would be those on people making $ 250,000 per year or more , or roughly 2 percent of taxpayers . 
TPM has the exchange , from `` Face the Nation '' : Bob Schieffer : `` SCHIEFFER want to make sure SCHIEFFER heard what you said correctly : YOU 're saying that YOU are willing to vote for those middle class tax cuts , even though the bill will not include ... extending the tax cuts for the upper bracket American . '' 
Rep. Boehner : `` Bob , YOU do n't know what the bill 's going to say , alright ? 
If the only option BOEHNER have is to vote for those at 250 and below , of course BOEHNER 'm going to do that . 
But BOEHNER 'm going to do everything BOEHNER can to fight to make sure that YOU extend the current tax rates for all Americans . 
`` That certainly looks like the President winning a game of chicken with the Republican minority , especially given that Democratic members of Congress -LRB- Rep. Joe Courtney , for example -RRB- have lately sounded resigned to the likelihood that MEMBERS will have to vote to extend all the cuts , even on the rich , since doing nothing would result in hiking taxes on the middle class . 
And since Republicans , by simply folding MEMBERS arms and saying no to anything but the full slate of tax cuts , would force Democrats to choose between extending a boon for multimillionaires or delivering nothing and handing MULTIMILLIONAIRES opponents another club to use in the fall campaigns . 
Why would Boehner blink ? 
Perhaps because , as with so many other issues in the last year , the Senate will carry the day . 
Today , here 's Sen. Joe Lieberman , a registered Democrat who makes a lot of registered Democrats see red , explaining that LIEBERMAN 'll be holding out for the same thing Boehner is : extending the cuts for everybody . 
More : http:\/\/www.theday.com\/article\/201009...0403\/100919940 
CURRENTPOSTID 1528
FACT 's an economic fact that the poor and middle class put money into the economy faster than the rich . 
The rich do put a lot in savings . 
They invest too but those investments do n't always see THEY trickling down to the common man . 
Hell there is no guarantee that money is going to American interests . 
THEY could be investing in a company based in London or China . 
Plus in an environment where demand is low ... like ... in a recession ... THEY are n't going to risk the money to expand operations when demand does n't warrant RECESSION . 
We gave the rich a tax cut and instead of growing WE lost millions of jobs . 
But when WE raised taxes on MILLIONS and cut taxes for the middle class and gave the middle class temporary work MILLIONS spent that extra money . 
Now demand is up . 
Businesses are profiting again . 
And the private sector is hiring . 
SECTOR 's clear which strategy works and which does not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1529
What brainwashed BS . 
Economies grow through INVESTMENTS , not through spending . 
And the only job growth under the dummy oBum has been in Govt jobs . 
Since OBUM was elected private sector jobs are a net loss . 
And if the taxes are increased on people making over $ 250,000 . 
LOSS will bring the 2011 deficit down from $ 1.27 trillion to $ 1.07 trillion -LRB- CBO -RRB- LOSS will TAKE $ 200 billion out of the economy and put LOSS in the hands of politicians , WHERE LOSS WILL BE MOSTLY WASTED . 
Reduced Govt spending by a mere 5 % and we would be in the exact same place and the $ 200 billion would stay in the economy where SPENDING can do good . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1530
Actually the only group of jobs growing right now is private sector . 
The government is laying people off because of the census ending . 
And we 'll be just fine with raised taxes . 
WE already have rediculiously low taxes . 
Here is a concept . 
WHY DO N'T WE PAY OUR BILLS !? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1531
Private sector jobs are growing SLIGHTLY right now . 
What I said is that private sector jobs are a net loss under the incompetent one . 
He BLEW $ 814 billion on the failed Stimulus , and immediately after STIMULUS passed , HE IGNORED the economy for over a year in order to concentrate on the most horrendous bill ever passed in the history of the country , obummercare . 
And is constantly distracted by tiny minor issues like a cop and prof in Mass. or the Sherrod fiasco , which was 100 % COP fault . 
And other distractions like the oil spill go unnoticed for months before COP can find time for them . 
COP can not handle a full plate all at once . 
COP has a decision making process that can only kindly be called ` confused , ' and COP has n't a clue how to judge people . 
The White House staff has 41 people owing the Govt over $ 800,000.00 in unpaid taxes , and a Treasury Secretary that could n't figure out COP own individual taxes . 
You say , `` WHY DO N'T WE PAY OUR BILLS !? '' 
How about first put that $ 800,000 . 
in the Treasury or CUT those Govt jobs and get people in there with integrity and honor .2012 ca n't come too soon to bid good riddance to this idiot . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1532
You have to wonder whether the cognitive dissonance among our conservative friends will lead to mass neurosis . 
In one minute the deficits and debt are the worst problems in the world , but when presented with a plan to reduce the deficits by increasing revenues , FRIENDS blow a fuse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1533
He ignored the economy by passing a $ 800 billion stimulus to stimulate the economy ? 
See point re : mass neurosis in above post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1534
A STIMULUS that did not stimulate , and was ignored since the day he signed STIMULUS . 
From then on THEN complete agenda was passing an unwanted and unwise health care bill , while the economy was ignored . 
The `` stimulus '' STILL has BILLIONS unspent a year and a half later . 
How does STILL `` stimulate '' if STILL is not spent ? 
And why does THEN need MORE `` stimulus '' money when 40 &#37; of THE STIMULUS is still on the books ? 
IF MONEY was a good idea . 
And IF MONEY was an emergency . 
WHY is more needed when the `` emergency funds '' have yet to `` stimulate '' anything and remain UNSPENT ?? 
Asking questions of an administration that does not EVER make any sense is not neurosis , ADMINISTRATION is the responsibility of every citizen . 
Even a Govt that DOES make sense should be questioned by a responsible citizenry . 
But liberals ca n't stand questions since you have no logical , provable answers . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1535
Thank for sharing your opinions . 
You 've already made them clear . 
I disagree with THEM for reasons stated mulitple times . 
I never suggested the neurosis was questioning the administration . 
But in screeching about deficits while at the same time going apoplectic over the plan to reduce THEM . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1536
Since obama is deficit spending at the highest rate in history . 
If fact OUTSPENDING about 95 % of our total history . 
I have to say that whatever the plan is to reduce deficits , PLAN is not working . 
While there is very little chance that Republican incumbents will do anything to reduce OUR national debt . 
There is absolutely NO chance whatsoever that Democrats will do anything to reduce the debt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1537
There has been no plan to reduce deficits to this point . 
Only to keep the economy from going into another great depression . 
There is nothing to gauge whether ECONOMY working . 
Increasing tax revenues would be a step in the right direction . 
What 's the Republican plan ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1538
Dozens have been offered , that DOZENS bounce off your closed liberal mind is not the issue . 
Many have been offered . 
That does not mean I believe MANY . 
Same as I did not and do not believe the sincerity of a statement made last year by the POTUS , one barak h obama when POTUS said `` You DO NOT raise taxes in a recession . '' 
It was a politically expedient LIE when POTUS said SINCERITY last year and POTUS insistence on raising taxes on people making over $ 200,000 , or households making $ 250,000.00 is a politically expedient LIE now . 
ANY statement that POTUS thinks will help POTUS politically , POTUS will utter . 
No matter how much POTUS believes LIE to be a lie or not . 
POTUS knows the brain damaged liberals will believe LIE because POTUS says LIE . 
Republicans will not believe POTUS . 
Conservatives will not believe POTUS . 
But best of all INDEPENDENTS have reached the wiser point of no longer believing POTUS . 
And independents is where the votes are . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1539
You can act like your for the middle class , but if your not for the job creators in this economy your not for middle class jobs ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1540
CUTTING spending is the FIRST step in the right direction . 
You liberals grant oBum the excuse that he HAD to spend like HE does . 
Well that same excuse could be made in every minute , by every politician in the last 50 years and more . 
Some `` pet '' agenda of theirs is ALWAYS ` necessary . 
` We already have 50 % too much Federal Govt NOW . 
Step one is to cut that back , along with the massive expense too much Govt generatesThe average private sector job , where 100 % of all WE goods are produced , pays $ 63,000 . 
with benefits . 
The average Federal employee job , where nothing is produced , pays $ 121,000 . 
with benefits . 
That should make JOB obvious to EVEN a liberal that cutting the Govt is a better way to go than taxing the private sector . 
Since the private sector already has to pay every cent of that $ 121,000 . 
Federal largess . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1541
So you are -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing about deficits , but wo n't support raising revenues to reduce \* . 
Typical hypocritical conservative political bull -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1542
`` Typical hypocritical conservative political bull ? 
`` $ 63K to $ 121K and you want to give them more money ? 
Typical liberal lunacy AND BULLSH ! 
TI am 100 % for having revenues to support the Govt . 
As soon as the Govt is reduced to a proper size , we can increase taxes for the express purpose of paying down the debt . 
Increase taxes without decreasing Govt , and WE will ONLY get MORE spending . 
They 're spending money THEY do n't HAVE like drunken sailors . 
What would THEY do with more money ?? 
Increase the Federal revenues by 10 % and THEY 'll spend 12 % more than now . 
CUTS FIRST , then we 'll KNOW what the taxes NEED to be . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1543
Sure . 
`` Cut spending . '' 
Being hearing that from conservatives for 3 decades . 
CONSERVATIVES talk but never do HEARING . 
There is n't one -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- conservative politician today who is saying where CONSERVATIVES 're going to cut $ 500 billion in spending . 
In the meantime keep those tax cuts and keep running up debt . 
All that conservative whining about deficits is nothing but hypocritical political horse -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1544
Says someone who is on food stamps\/bridge card . 
Why do n't I pay YOUR bills instead of having someone else pay for them . 
I find PAY comical you are -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing about others paying THEM bills when you do n't even pay yours . 
Typical liberal college kid . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1545
I do pay I bills . 
And I am proud I am on food stamps . 
Otherwise I would n't be able to afford to bring business to I local brewery . 
Food stamps help the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1546
So you are worried about buying beer ? 
wow . 
Receiving food stamps is not paying your bills . 
Somebody else -LRB- the taxpayer -RRB- is . 
You should be thanking the taxpayer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1547
Thank you , taxpayers . 
By funding the food stamps program you help me not only afford to eat but use ME money elsewhere to support small local businesses . 
Which include breweries and video game stores . 
Those extra businesses now have ME money when TAXPAYERS would n't have before . 
Thanks to you taxpayers 
CURRENTPOSTID 1548
AND there is n't one liberal politician that does n't want to increase taxes ON EVERYONE and increase spending on everything . 
Do n't you ever notice my signature ? 
We have to get the politicians out of politics . 
Term limits are NECESSARY for the survival of the country . 
POLITICIANS of both parties got WE where WE are . 
WE need the constant change of real people to get WE out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1549
Change is n't always good . 
The change we took in 2000 was a disaster . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1550
And then we went from bad to worse in 2008 . 
That is also what is currently on the plate . 
Blame Bush ai n't working out so well anymore for the one-trick-pony dopes , now is NOW . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1551
2000 was bad , but only a warm up to the total disaster of 2008 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1552
Yup , I noticed that too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1554
Bush was president in 2008 . 
I agree 2008 went from bad to worse . 
Things started turning around in 2009 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1555
Yup , I noticed that too . 
Obama was elected in 2008 , not 2000 . 
Check your history books . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1556
but the stimulus is wearing out and soon the economy and the stock markets will both be heading south ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1557
Sure thing . 
When 's `` soon '' ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1558
Your assumptions are incorrect . 
I was commenting on and agreeing with your first sentence , not your second . 
A hint could be found in I quoting your first sentence , not your second . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1559
No. . 
You are spending someone else 's money on needs . 
You are spending your own money on things you do n't need -LRB- wants -RRB- . 
You are justifying taking someone else 's money so you can buy beer and video games , classic liberal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1560
Yes . 
I am justifying getting food stamps so I can afford to buy things other than just food . 
As such I am helping the economy more than I would be if I was n't on food stamps and only spending money on food . 
I have great pride in I decision to get food stamps because I am helping America get back on track . 
If more of our nation 's poor took advantage of government assistance programs designed specifically for them then then even more businesses would benefit . 
Demand would go up . 
And businesses would be forced to expand to make up for the new demand . 
Which means more jobs which ultimately means less people dependent on food stamps . 
Food stamps also allows I to be independent from I parents . 
Who ca n't afford to take care of I . 
Which means PARENTS too can spend money on things like paying off PARENTS mortgage so PARENTS do n't become another foreclosure statistic . 
Thank god food stamps exist so that people like I who struggle with academics and require lots of time studying can afford to go to school and eat at the same time . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1561
What total rationalizing bullcrap , You are doing NOTHING for the economy . 
The money you 're using to buy things `` other than food '' is not doing anything extra for the economy . 
Because someone earned that money AND the right to spend MONEY as they wished , but it was taken from THEY in the form of taxes to buy food stamps for you . 
As my signature says , 2 people spending one person 's money DOES NOT help the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1564
I quoted the wrong post LOLYou are sounding like the non-believers that thought the housing bubble would go on forever ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1565
true but mass hysteria also creates crises and positive people live longer anyway ... PEOPLE just do n't have as much money ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1566
Instead of taking food stamps and then spending your time surfing the web explaining how in a round about way you are helping the economy , you could simply go out and get a job . 
My parents said PARENTS could n't afford to keep MY under PARENTS roof forever , so MY decided to go to college so MY could get a job and MAKE MY OWN MONEY . 
There is no way you can say that getting a job and then spending the money from that job is not helping the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1568
Not at all . 
I had opportunities by buy real estate in the 2005-07 time frame and would n't touch ESTATE . 
You are sounding like the non-believers that think the gold bubble will go on forever ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1569
Food stamps would n't exist if REASON did n't benefit businesses . 
That 's the whole reason we still have food stamps . 
To allow WE poor to spend money on things POOR would n't be able to afford otherwise at minimal cost to businesses . 
I am indeed helping the economy 
CURRENTPOSTID 1570
I 'm glad you could handle a full time job and full time school at the same time . 
I can not . 
When I tried I GPA plummeted . 
A job at some fast food place is n't as important to I as getting through college . 
So I choose not to work . 
Just like plenty of other college students . 
And there is nothing wrong with PLENTY . 
The government will be taking way more in taxes from I after I graduate than the amount I get in food stamps . 
Also I would not be able to get through college without this assistance . 
Which means I would n't be able to make the high salary I plan to achieve after I graduate . 
Which means the government would be missing out on hundreds of thousands of tax dollars during I career . 
So yes . 
on many factors getting food stamps is helping the economy . 
Not only the business end but END is helping END to gain more revenue in the future . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1571
And thanks to those food stamps I can afford to go to college to get a high salary job which will have high taxes which will be used to pay for some other college kid 's food stamps . 
JOB 's an economic fact that more money is pumped into the economy thanks to food stamps than the program MONEY costs . 
That 's why there is n't a politician in their right mind suggesting we get rid of JOB . 
Only conservatives who do n't understand how economics work . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1573
A lot of truth in that . 
Like most things , LOT 's a matter of incentives . 
Politicians have an incentive to give people what POLITICIANS want and American 's consistently want more than PEOPLE can afford . 
As long as politicians are allowed to borrow money , the inevitable result is short term patches , snowballing debt , and an eventual crash . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1574
You really think those tax dollars `` pumped into '' the economy would n't have been spent had the government not forcibly taken them from people in order to give you the privilege of spending someone else 's money ? 
The reason politicians do n't shut down this type of forced charity is not because of some greater economic good , GOOD 's because more voters want a free ride than are being abused by our tax system . 
POLITICIANS keep TYPE going to get votes , stay in office , and collect an unearned paycheck . 
You can , but odds are you wo n't . 
The fact that the height of your ambition is to get a salary rather than trying to really make an impact on the economy suggests you 'll never pay enough in taxes to even equal what you take out of the government much less help someone else . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1575
An economic fact that more money is pumped into the economy thanks to food stamps , than the program costs . 
That is not only a blatant lie , LIE is also impossible . 
LIE can not pump anything IN after the same program took the money OUT of the economy . 
Believe the liberal bullsh ! 
t if you wish or make up nonsense as you go along . 
I went to college working 2 jobs , 1 full time , 1 part time . 
AND had a wife and 2 kids . 
No food stamps , no welfare , we provided WE own help . 
WELFARE called personal responsibility and pride , or at least WELFARE used to be . 
But I 'm guessing you do n't really know anything about that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1576
He does n't . 
IF money were truly that big of an issue to HE HE would go to a much cheaper college and save money . 
I 'm tired of this liberal bullsh ! 
t that `` I ca n't work because I need time to study . '' 
That 's a bunch of non-sense . 
There is always plenty of time to study . 
Also , once you get a job and go to school , you find ways to better manage your time I have realized . 
But , of course , he needs money for video games 
CURRENTPOSTID 1577
Back in those days there were times when I was dead dog tired . 
I had 2 sayings that I would repeat in I head . 
One from I Dad , `` The more you carry in YOU head , the less YOU 'll have to carry on YOU back . '' 
And one of my own , `` The more you do , the more YOU can do . 
`` And with age , YOU 've found that the opposite of mine is also true , `` The more you sit , the more YOU have to sit . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1578
No. . 
You 're wrong . 
Food stamps do benefit the economy . 
This is an economic fact . 
http:\/\/money.cnn.com\/2008\/01\/29\/news...ysis\/index.htmhttp:\/\/www2.hickoryrecord.com\/news\/2...nomy-ar-89482\/http:\/\/www.stateline.org\/live\/detail...ntentId=401013It is a general trend of capitalism for money to get stuck in high income families . 
Wealth just moves TREND 's way up and once ONCE gets there ONCE does not come back down . 
Wealthy business owners only spend enough to make more money . 
OWNERS do not hire just because OWNERS have extra money lying around . 
Because if OWNERS did that OWNERS might lose money if OWNERS are more productive than OWNERS demand warrants . 
So the money gets put in a bank . 
Or an inheritance fund . 
Or some other place where FUND just sits and makes more money on interest or dividends . 
Sure some of PLACE might `` trickle down '' but PLACE goes up many times faster than PLACE comes down . 
The income tax was designed from the start to balance this issue out . 
TAX was designed to take money from those who are n't spending TAX and are instead hording TAX to make more money for THOSE . 
That money then goes to programs to assist lower income families . 
Whether through food , education , healthcare , or just putting a little extra money in FAMILIES pockets . 
This in turn creates more consumers , which means more demand , which forces employers to hire more , which makes businesses sell more product . 
SYSTEM 's a delicate economic system that ensures everyone gets a piece of the pie . 
Some might get bigger pieces but at least everyone is eating pie . 
This system keeps our economy healthy . 
Taking those taxes away only insures the rich get richer and the poor gets poorer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1579
I 'm glad you could . 
MAN 're a better man than I . 
I had two choices . 
Work a job and still make barely enough to feed I while watching I GPA drop below 2.5 ... or focus all I efforts on school get on government assistance and watch I GPA go to 3.3 . 
Sorry . 
The choice is clear . 
3.3 is a way nicer GPA . 
And I 'm not going to sacrifice that so I can make minimum wage when I 'm doing just fine living off food stamps and loans . 
It means I 'll be in more debt when I get out of school . 
But I 'll have an easier time finding a job because of I GPA and the fact that I had time to be the president of a student organization . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1580
I went to community college for 2 years to get all I gen eds out of the way for basically free -LRB- state paid I way -RRB- . 
And I am currently enrolled in one of the cheapest 4 year universities in the state . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1581
And Bush and oBum both have spent like drunken idiots and the economy is in perfect shape for all IDIOTS Govt spending . 
Liberals are lunatics that think something can be made from nothing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1583
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Mod edit : Insult removed -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- To liberals , any disagreement with obummer 's FAILED policies and obvious incompetence as a leader and a thinker MEANS without a doubt the opponent is a RACIST . 
That 's all you got . 
I 've got the continuing flat economy . 
The continuing high unemployment . 
The continuing avoidance of the real issues . 
The continuing poor hiring . 
The continuing poor housing sales . 
The continuing growing foreclosures . 
And the continuing disapproval by the MAJORITY of the American Public . 
The same American public that elected him has suddenly become RACIST ? 
You people are lost in worthless dreamland . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1584
I never realized we could get to a point that a person could make charity sound like they are doing WE a favor , , HOLY CRAP !!!! 
... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1585
ROFLMAO ! 
When Bush left office in January of 2009 , the nation wide unemployment was 7.2 percent and the average price of a gallon of gasoline in the USA was about $ 1.65 . 
After Spender-N-Chief Obama took the oath of office the nation wide unemployment peaked over 10 percent in October not to mention the fact that 2 + million jobs lost under a Blueneck President . 
President Obama : Chains we can believe in ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1586
When Bush left office the economy was tanking at -7 % real rate and a net 700,000 jobs were being lost each month . 
Only our conservative friends could find that hilarious . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1587
One of the most perverse assertions I 've ever heard , too often repeated by those who are unable to earn the lifestyle they demand . 
More accurately , wealth moves from those that consume much and produce little to those that consume less less than THOSE produce . 
This is n't a flaw in capitalism , FLAW is n't about money getting `` stuck . '' 
FLAW happens because some participants in our economy provide insufficient value to earn money but feel PARTICIPANTS have a right to spend ECONOMY . 
Arbitrarily taking wealth from those who deliver value and gifting FLAW to those who do n't does n't balance out some inherent flaw in capitalism , FLAW masks and excuses the actual failure . 
The failure is n't that some citizens are `` hording '' dollars , FAILURE 's that others are failing to provide anything worth the dollars OTHERS covet . 
If you truly think OUR economy is best served by maximizing consumption at the expense of productivity , explore the extreme of your theory . 
If all wealth was collected weekly under a single tax and then evenly redistributed -- how would OUR economy fair ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1589
Did the Democratic National Committee take a poll ? 
Because NO INDEPENDENT polls are saying anything like that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1591
You do n't really understand anything about economics , do you ? 
Obama took office , and the economy was in free fall . 
The reason we got 10 &#37; unemployment has absolutely nothing to do with Barrack Obama . 
As I said , the economy was already in free fall . 
But that was not only bush 's fault . 
FAULT was a culmination of 30 years of bad economic policy beginning with Ronald Reagan , continuing through HW Bush and Clinton , and ultimately ending in Bush 's administration . 
Poor policy enacted by the federal reserve also played a major role . 
So if you truly believe Obama had anything to do with causing unemployment to go to 10 % you are delusional and so incredibly partisan that WASTE is a waste of I time to even write this post . 
But if you are capable of thinking critically , you will realize that is nonsense , and try to actually evaluate policy independently and intelligently . 
Then if you wanted to blame Obama for the fact that the economy has not recovered more quickly -LRB- OBAMA could certainly have done more -RRB- , or the fact that OBAMA reformed health care without actually making health care more affordable and accessible for the average person , or that OBAMA has failed to competently regulate the banks , etc then I would say you certainly have a point . 
But if you want to blame Obama for a recession that was already happening before OBAMA took office , you are going to have to be incredibly dishonest . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1592
Newsweek poll August 25 - 47 % of voters approved of how President Obama is handling OBAMA job , 45 % of voters disapproved . 
Thats the fact Jack 
CURRENTPOSTID 1593
And Newsweek is a left wing rag that is going out of business . 
That 's a fact Jack ! 
Here is a link so you can realize REAL FACTShttp : \/ \/ www.realclearpolitics.com\/epo...oval-1044.htmlA compiling of ALL polls shows 49.3 % disapprove over all . 
And 46.1 % approve . 
Your spurious and slanted Newsweek poll IS included . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1596
My opinions are based not on either left wing or right wing propaganda . 
But rather on what MY know to be fact that oBum constantly lies . 
Both by commission and by omission . 
And also what MY know about leadership and rating an employees performance . 
And the pres IS an employee of the people . 
MY consider EMPLOYEE fired , but the rules say EMPLOYEE has thru 2012 to vacate . 
And Reagan 's methods were polar opposites of this clown and were showing signs of improvement in spite of a 100 % negative press AND 20 % inflation . 
RR did n't even have Fox to present a positive view . 
Now `` the incompetent one '' has all the media but Fox acting as cheerleaders for FOX and still nothing is working . 
Unless you consider the 54 jobs , `` created or saved '' in LA AT A COST OF $ 111 MILLION . 
MY 'm fairly certain that at $ 2 million per job , MY pet cat could save a bunch of jobs . 
If oBum faced a 20 % inflation now , even the SEIU might have marched on the WH by now and thrown WH out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1597
The Rasmussen Report , which may be a little right leaning does approval and disapproval AND strongly approve and strongly disapprove . 
Daily results , today approval of obama 45 % disapproval 55 % Strongly approve of the job obama is doing 27 % Strongly disapprove of the job obama is doing 45 % Altho I have been polled by Rasmussen and I could not detect any bias one way or another in their questions . 
And I was looking for DAILY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1598
Can you link to a single source that says stimulus workers are being paid 2 million per job ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1599
a -RRB- The actual facts show that Obama does n't constantly lie . 
This is your biased opinion . 
You do n't agree - fine - Politifact says otherwise . 
b -RRB- I have n't seen any evidence you know anything about leadership or employeesc -RRB- No the President is not an employee of the people . 
If anything EMPLOYEE is an employee of the Constitution or the United States of America . 
The people do n't have the right to fire the President - only Congress has that right . 
`` PRESIDENT consider EMPLOYEE fired , but the rules say EMPLOYEE has thru 2012 to vacate . 
`` Clearly you consider the Constitution to be an inconvenient document . 
`` And Reagan 's methods were polar opposites of this clown and were showing signs of improvement in spite of a 100 % negative press AND 20 % inflation . 
`` Reagan got plenty of good press - reporters loved REAGAN . 
And yes the economy was showing signs of imporvement - as is YOU current economy . 
`` RR did n't even have Fox to present a positive view . 
`` Yeah , IMPORVEMENT love how you spin Fox as the balancing act . 
Fox is just a propaganda arm for the RNC - pretty much the same as MSNBC is for the DNC . 
People were saying pretty much this same stuff about Reagan at this point , and STUFF all turned around . 
Saint Reagan started off with a screwed up economy and was there for the turn around . 
Obama started off with a screwed up economy and will be here for the turn around too . 
But if ECONOMY has n't turned around - well then the voters can vote OBAMA out of office . 
Thats how things are done via the Constitution . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1600
I 'm sure he would if HE made such a claim . 
Either you misunderstood or are trying to twist words that were n't said . 
I 'm sure FORMER was the former 
CURRENTPOSTID 1601
No he claimed we spent 111 million on 54 jobs . 
HE would like to see a source that says WE spent 111 million on 54 jobs . 
Not WE spent 111 million on 54 jobs and oh yeah WE bought brand new infrastructure too . 
HE want a source that says WE spent 2 million per job . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1602
LA got $ 111 million in Stimulus money and they saved or created 54 jobs is exactly what I said and is exactly the case . 
Nowhere at any time did I say anyone was being PAID $ 2 million . 
Read what LA says , not what you 'd prefer LA said . 
FROM the LA Times , an acknowledged far left publication : `` As Tim Cavanaugh noted previously , L.A. &#8217; s comptroller has issued two briefs indicating that two city agencies have so far managed to create just 55 jobs with $ 111 million in stimulus money . 
Now the Los Angeles Times follows up , noting that the real worry , according to the comptroller , is that the agencies are not spending money fast enough : `` The first report COMPTROLLER heard was 54 jobs , the LA Times says 55 jobs , close enough for COMPTROLLER . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1603
Jollee , California 
CURRENTPOSTID 1604
So in other words the stimulus was used to pay for infrastructure that cost 111 million dollars . 
A more reasonable price . 
Infrastructure improves economies by giving business more efficient commerce routes . 
That money is n't JUST for the jobs . 
And you are bending the truth for your political agenda . 
Once again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1605
Here you go ... http:\/\/controller.lacity.org\/stellen...TYP_011644.pdf 
CURRENTPOSTID 1606
Another gullible persons swallows the Fox News disinformation hook line and sinker . 
Read the first couple pages and see how you 've been mislead by Fox . 
Again . 
If you care . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1607
Here you go ... See how you 've been deceived by Fox -LRB- again -RRB- ? 
They made you think that all $ 111 million was spent and only 55 jobs created . 
What 's really happened is the bulk of that money has been allocated , but not spent , and is waiting for the projects to be OKed , then the money will be spent and over 230 more people put to work . 
When you 've been deceived by the same source over and over again , at what point do you stop gullibly accepting anything OVER say as if SOURCE were the word of the Lord ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1609
False . 
Obama has cut taxes . 
OBAMA did n't set the sunset provisions in the Bush tax cuts . 
Bush was President when that happened and obama was not even in the Senate when Bush signed SENATE into law . 
I 've searched all through government websites and have not found anything called `` Obamacare . 
But , the health care reform law that President Obama signed will slow the growth of health care costs for our country and will help reduced deficit spending . 
That 's assuming those big spenders in the GOP do n't gain control of the government . 
Which shows what a failure bush and the GOP are on national defense and budget issues . 
SPENDERS start a war in Afghanistan as the WoT , then -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- near stop WOT to start a war on Iraq , that had nothing at all to do with terrorism or OUR national defense , then allowed al Qaeda\/Taliban to grow strong after having SPENDERS on the run . 
Untrue . 
Almost a third of the deficits can be attributed to Bush policies , another third to the Bush recession\/financial implosion lowering the economic activity and tax collections . 
And a third in fixing the damage left behind . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1610
Would you be so kind as to list some of the US Federal Govt programs that have become deeply involved in the private sector and have reduced , controlled , or slowed the increase of costs . 
You may use any programs from 1776 until today and list as many or as few as you wish . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1611
SUPPORTER am not a supporter of Obama or OBAMA health care bill , but to answer your question SUPPORTER 'd argue that the post office is one example . 
Every year , SUPPORTER sit down with carriers from UPS and FedEx to hammer out an agreement for shipping in the coming year and the existence of the post office as an inferior but sufficient fall back option keeps ever rising costs from both companies in check in a way that competition between the two does not . 
Real health care reform could have provided a similar inferior but sufficient health service for our citizens that had a similar effect on OUR health care industry . 
Sadly , OUR got Obamacare instead . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1612
According to the US Govt Accounting Office , Not FOX , not the tea party , not any right wing media or publication . 
LOSSES for the USPS in 2008 $ 2.8 BILLION , 2009 $ 3.0 BILLION , and 2010 looks to be worse . 
So whatever savings you THINK you 're getting by playing the USPS off private carriers , is more than offset in the taxes needed to support the failing USPS . 
But probably , more than any other Govt office , the USPS is trying to be competitive . 
But in the real business world , trying to be competitive , but failing , meant bankruptcy . 
Now if you 're well connected , NOW means bailout . 
If not well connected , bankrupt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1613
Yes , but it is good for the consumers , because it increase competition and decrease shipping cost so IT facilitates business overall . 
That means more money is getting in to the treasury . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1614
Obama was part of the 2006 Democrat majority in congress . 
You fail . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1615
You must mean the one that started in 2007 , and not 2006 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1616
elected in 2006 . 
yes . 
But of course YES only voted present on most things so I guess you could say that YES had nothing to do with PRESENT . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1617
They were n't officially the majority until January 3 , 2007 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1618
All this vitriolic is indicative of your argument . 
You just do n't have one . 
You did not answer a single question put to you . 
Perhaps , your story is as inappropriate as your response . 
With that , I have difficulty believing your story . 
Glen Beck has a troubled past , a narcissistic mentality and a tendency to make up BECK own facts . 
I suggest most of BECK ` following ' are infected with the same disease . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1619
Which questions have been put to me that ME have not answered ?? 
And ME have never watched a single Glen Beck program in its entirety . 
ME have tuned in to BECK just as ME have tuned in to Chris Matthews . 
And ME have never watched a complete Matthews show either . 
ME do not base anything ME say on any statement by Glen Beck , unless unknowingly so , since Beck is on daily and has hours and hours to say things that ME do not know BECK said . 
But can you cite a single made up fact that Beck has said ? 
Not a contrary OPINION , but a provable fact , showing that Beck lied ? 
There may be many , there may be few , there may be none , ME do not know . 
But since you made the statement , ME assume you have FACTS , not opinions , to back up your statement . 
DO YOU ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1620
That always freaks THAT out when people say Glenn Beck had a troubled past , when Obama did too , with Cocaine and a broken family unit ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1622
Thats right if you learn from your mistakes it make you a stronger better person . 
The exception are those that are not willing to learn ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1623
Obama is still spending like Paris Hilton without having a way to pay for WAY . 
Any minor tax cuts that may have been made will be overshadowed very soon . 
The beginning of the year will bring on a slew of tax increases . 
A repeal of Obamacare will save us all from a world of hurt . 
If you think that REPEAL will be good for America , then you just have proved yourself one of the Obama sheeple heading for the cliff with blinders on . 
US need a strong national defense . 
Sure Obama did n't start these wars , but they are happening . 
Iraq has been drawn down , and Afghanistan is being built up . 
US can not just pull out now . 
Bush is at fault for everything . 
Bush , Bush , Bush . 
FAULT 's Bush 's fault . 
This economy is Obama 's child now . 
Bush is history . 
Obama is and will do much more damage to our economy than Bush ever had . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1624
I hope so ! 
TIME 's time we start paying the bills . 
Good for insurance companies does not equal good for America . 
Insurance companies should not be allowed to deny pre existing conditions . 
Period . 
the war in Iraq made us less safe . 
There is no disputing that . 
That war thined out US resources and allowed alqaeda to get stronger than NO were on 9-11 . 
Yup . 
ECONOMY is Obama 's economy now . 
And ECONOMY 's an improving economy . 
Unlike the economy on Bush 's last day . 
That was Bush 's economy . 
And that economy was crashing so hard that people were talking about ECONOMY like ECONOMY was going to be the next great depression . 
If ECONOMY was n't for Obama 's quick actions ECONOMY would have been . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1625
You do n't pay bills . 
You do n't work . 
You get government money for college . 
You have a bridge card . 
Do n't talk to us about paying the bills ... Since you do n't contribute . 
Why ? 
COMPANIES are PRIVATE companies . 
Why should n't COMPANIES be able to choose who THEY insure , you know the people COMPANIES are putting COMPANIES money on the line for . 
Sure , keep drinking the kool-aid . 
What has improved about the economy at all ? 
Just ONE thing ... The debt is increasing in record numbers . 
The unemployment rate is still at 9.6 % , RATE 's about to go up again in the winter . 
1\/6 of Americans -LRB- including you -RRB- are on government assistance . 
The recession has now turned into a depression . 
How is the economy improving ? 
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- We are in a depression right now . 
See above . 
NOTHING about this economy has improved since Obama took office . 
NOTHING has improved since the democrats took over Washington almost 4 years ago . 
Keep drinking the kool-aid . 
KOOL-AID must have nicotine in KOOL-AID because you seem so addicted . 
Again , what did Obama do to improve the economy that is still going downhill ? 
Spend like a maniac ? 
Unemployment rate going up ? 
Extending un-employment ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1626
The public has to spend less , but the Govt can spend more and tax more . 
And you think that is a good situation ? 
WHY do insurance companies deny coverage for pre-existing conditions ? 
BECAUSE COMPANIES KNOW COMPANIES will have to pay for the treatment of that condition , and COMPANIES also know from experience what that treatment will cost . 
So COMPANIES have 3 choices , 1 . 
Turn down a known expensive since that is contrary to the idea of insurance . 
-LRB- which you should research -RRB- 2 . 
Charge that person a premium HIGH enough to cover the higher expenses COMPANIES will occur . 
OR 3 . 
Charge EVERYONE a higher premium for the extra expenses that one person WILL have . 
And choices 1 , 2 , and 3 , have been REGULATED by law for all of your lifetime and oversaw by Govt employees . 
BLS -- THE EMPLOYMENT SITUATION -- AUGUST 2010The number of unemployed persons -LRB- 14.9 million -RRB- and the unemployment rate -LRB- 9.6 percent -RRB- were little changed in August . 
From May through August , thejobless rate remained in the range of 9.5 to 9.7 percent . 
The number of persons employed part time for economic reasons -LRB- sometimes re-ferred to as involuntary part-time workers -RRB- increased by 331,000 over themonth to 8.9 million . 
These individuals were working part time because theirhors had been cut back or because THEIRHORS were unable to find a full-time job . 
THEY ARE NOT COUNTED AS UNEMPLOYED ! 
http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/news.release\/empsit.t08.htmThis table of statistics from the Bureau of Labor statistics shows the US employment situation to be all be unchanged from August 2009 through August 2010 . 
A `` growing '' economy does not show completely STAGNANT employment for A YEAR ! 
WAKE UP ! 
But UP is not all stagnant , Housing sales and prices are DOWN and foreclosures are UP . 
And yesterday , b.o. gave a little hint that MASTER was ready to DUMP MASTER `` economic advisors . '' 
And since MASTER is the absolute master of `` Blame somebody else , '' YESTERDAY does n't seem the `` recovery '' is recovering . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1627
You will have to ` splain me how losses of $ 8,800,000,000.00 over 3 years has PUT MORE money in the Treasury . 
Start with the FACT that the $ 8.8 BILLION came OUT of the Treasury , NOT IN . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1628
More tax revenues means lower deficits . 
And you think that is a bad situation ? 
SITUATION may have been regulated , but not to protect those who are victims . 
If you have a prior you did n't get insurance . 
BLS -- THE EMPLOYMENT SITUATION -- AUGUST 2010The number of unemployed persons -LRB- 14.9 million -RRB- and the unemployment rate -LRB- 9.6 percent -RRB- were little changed in August . 
From May through August , thejobless rate remained in the range of 9.5 to 9.7 percent . 
A slowly growing one does . 
Unemployment is a lagging indicator and is down 1\/2 percent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1629
I contribute by getting through college with a decent GPA so that I can get hired by a computing firm one day and be a part of the higher tax brackets that contribute more money . 
The government is getting more out of I on food stamps through the future taxes they will collect from I because I was able to graduate college and was n't forced to focus juggle work and school . 
Other people might be able to juggle school and work . 
Kudos to those people . 
But I ca n't . 
I 've tried several times . 
Each time ends with I failing classes . 
They do n't get to choose who lives and who dies . 
If THEY do then TIME 's time to reconsider our health system . 
No company should EVER have the power to deny healthcare coverage . 
Especially when COMPANY is in life or death situations that often apply to preexisting conditions . 
I drink plenty of kool-aid thanks to I food stamps Job losses have turned to job gains . 
The GDP has grown consecutively since early summer 2009 , stocks have been on the rise . 
We 're not 100 % but WE are on the rise . 
That 's what an improvement is . 
On the rise . 
Moving up . 
Things are n't going down they are going up . 
We 're not even in a recession . 
How could WE possibly be in a depression ? 
Liar 
CURRENTPOSTID 1630
A freaking GOP dog catcher could beat Obama right now . 
I would n't care what party Obama and OBAMA god awful Nancy Pelosi type supporters are ! 
SUPPORTERS trillion dollar here two trillion dollar there stupidity is bringing down our nation faster than the radical Islamo-fascist terrorists brought down the twin towers . 
Impeach Obama for SWI . 
-LRB- stupidity while In office -RRB- . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1631
Wishful thinking ... Obama is still the top dog . 
Do n't think just because you can beat congress on a mid term election that you can beat Obama . 
I 'd be willing to put money on Obama winning in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1633
WE KNOW that whenEVER one party is in power , more revenue only means more spending . 
IF the Govt would START by actually cutting spending , AS THE AMERICAN PUBLIC HAS TO DO , the Govt might find more reasonable attitudes to raising taxes . 
But when we KNOW that giving them more money means more waste , WE have no interest in feeding THEM addiction . 
THEM have to learn to live on less same as WE do . 
Insurance is now regulated before obamacare and was before b.o. was born . 
The regulations on pre-existing conditions are to PROTECT the healthy MILLIONS from the high costs of the few sick . 
Is that VERY good for the healthy millions ? 
YES ! 
. 
Is that very tough on the few sick with pre-existing conditions ? 
Sadly yes . 
Life is tough , no regulation will ever or can ever change that . 
However it is only those that have not had group insurance that are in danger of pre-existing exclusions . 
If one has ANY group policy and changes jobs , the new insurer has had to cover THOSE as long as THOSE have had `` CREDIBLE COVERAGE '' for the 18 months before changing carriers . 
That is and was the law . 
Same as lifetime coverage limits . 
For an insurance company to set a approval-able rate , REQUIRED BY LAW , THOSE have to know what THOSE EXPOSURE is . 
So if CAP is a $ 2 million lifetime cap , the insurance company KNOWS THOSE max exposure and knows what factor to add in to the premium to cover that . 
These are long standing laws before the actual birth , wherever BIRTH was , of obummer . 
Now the obamacare bill stops pre-existing exclusions and lifetime caps . 
Meaning 100 % certain that premiums WILL go up . 
THEY ALREADY ARE GOING UP !! 
UNEMPLOYMENT is down 1\/2 percent ??? '' 
From May through August , thejobless rate remained in the range of 9.5 to 9.7 percent . 
`` And in reality has stayed in the same range for more than a year . 
So the BLS , not ALREADY , says you do n't know what YOU 're talking about . 
Fluctuating between 10 % and 9.5 % is FLUCTUATING , not going down . 
Or is that liberal math ? 
10 % MINUS 9.7 % EQUALS 1\/2 PERCENT ? 
Not in the real world . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1634
Yup . 
They 're pretty stable and at a very winable number considering the numbers the top republican candidates for 2012 are getting . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1635
A poll pitting obummer against ANY REPUBLICAN , said oBum would lose . 
OBUMMER started at 65 % approval and began losing that as is normal . 
But as time went on and OBUMMER became more and more revealed as both arrogant without any reason to be arrogant , AND sadly incompetent at the same time , OBUMMER approval fell down to OBUMMER sheeple base of about 46 % . 
That was over a year ago . 
Slowly some of the sheeple base has been opening SOME eyes and over the last year OBUMMER has slowly gone down to 42 % . 
After Nov. OBUMMER WILL drop into the 30 's and then OBUMMER is finished . 
Even the Democrat National Committee will then acknowledge OBUMMER as the empty suit in the White House . 
Some Democrats already see that . 
Are you aware that almost universally , Democrats running for re-election are avoiding any mention of obummer or OBUMMER policies . 
They 're trying to make THEY look like pseudo-Republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1636
ANY republican ALWAYS does better than a specific republican . 
Because no two republicans can agree on what it means to be republican . 
There are the Ron Paul libertarians . 
There are the moral right Christian conservatives . 
The younger more progressive conservatives . 
And everything in between . 
When you put Obama up against any specific republican candidate OBAMA generally wins . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1637
That is not true . 
Beginning with the Dem tax increase in 1993 , tax revenues grew far faster than the economy . 
Spending however , grew much slower than the economy , a trend that continued thru 20001 . 
That is the difference between a conservative and a liberal . 
The conservative says you have a pre-existing condition ? 
Tough just get sick and die . 
The liberal says everyone shares the risk . 
We are all Americans . 
That 's why THAT 'm proud to be a liberal . 
Unemployment rate : Oct 2009 10.1 % Aug 2009 9.6 % http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/webapps\/legacy\/cpsatab1.htm10.1-9.6 = 0.5 % or 1\/2 % . 
THAT stand by THAT post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1638
A pre-existing condition is something that presented CONDITION before you chose to have the insurance . 
A person applying for insurance for a pre-existing condition is taking no risk , they know THEY will use the services THEY are asking to receive at a discount . 
That cost savings to THEY will be paid for by others , who risked buying insurance without knowing if THEY would develop the need . 
The conservative asks why did n't you buy insurance before you developed this condition when we could all share the risk ? 
The liberal answers because I did n't want to risk I money , I 'd rather have you take care of I . 
That 's why I 'd be embarrassed to be a liberal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1639
That is not necessarily true at all . 
That is the idea behind insurance . 
The liberal answers that I had IDEA and lost I job or was dropped by I carrier . 
The conservate answers then go ahead and die . 
That 's why I 'd be ashamed to be a conservative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1640
Then you have no problem . 
When you lost your job you chose COBRA to continue your coverage or you bought new insurance when you were dropped by your carrier . 
In either case , you had uninterrupted coverage and so your current carrier does not consider your current ailment as a pre-existing condition . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1641
I think you are confusing the ideas of insurance and charity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1642
I 'm not . 
The purpose of insurance is to spread the risk among a population . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1643
The purpose of insurance is to TRANSFER the risk to an insurance company in exchange for a premium . 
Insurance companies are FOR PROFIT organizations . 
-LRB- I realize that the words , FOR PROFIT , are very confusing for liberals . -RRB- 
It means that LIBERALS MUST take in more money in premiums than LIBERALS pay out in claims and operating costs . 
It also means that LIBERALS must keep the premiums at a sellable amount . 
It is not necessary for you to believe that , but AMOUNT is absolutely true . 
Insurance companies COULD insure anybody , or everybody , for everything . 
But NO ONE would be able to afford the premium COMPANIES would HAVE to charge in order to be profitable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1644
Then you 've definitely confused them . 
As I pointed out , the person you are describing has no risk . 
PERSON liability is certain . 
You are not spreading out risk , you are simply spreading PERSON definite cost to others . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1645
I think YOURSELF 're getting a little ahead of yourself Then you should be proud and happy to pay for your Utopian liberals dreams , yourself , -LRB- LITTLE called charity -RRB- without bothering those of us who know your dreams are impracticable and unworkable , and unsustainable , and US do not wish to waste US resources on stupidity that does not work . 
In a disaster , TRIAGE , is done because DISASTER does the greatest good for the greatest number . 
TRIAGE is a FACT of everyday life too . 
Not everyone is going to make FACT . 
That is FACT , your liberalism is dream . 
In your words : `` Oct 2009 10.1 % Aug 2009 9.6 % `` Ahhh , YOUR do n't know how to break this to you gently , so YOUR 'll just say OCT . 
ITS SEPTEMBER 2010 AND THE UNEMPLOYMENT IS STILL AT THE SAME PLACE !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1646
No one said anything about insurance companies , but insurance . 
I agree insurance companies exists FOR PROFIT . 
That means , to MAXIMIZE PROFIT insurance companies will drop people with conditions and try to avoid paying with exceptions in COMPANIES policies . 
And that is why , because insurance companies exist to MAXIMIZE PROFIT COMPANIES will not cover you if you are old or have a pre-existing condition because you are more likely to get SICK and need HEALTH CARE . 
So unless your view is that only those who are young and healthy and who can afford to pay for coverage FOR PROFIT insurance companies provide should be able to get HEALTH CARE , this is exactly why a system of private insurance based on FOR PROFIT insurance companies DOES NOT WORK . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1647
There is no `` insurance '' without insurance companies . 
And please do not claim Medicare , which is processed through insurance companies for a fee , and Social Security . 
Both of which you want to do cancel . 
And Medicaid which is welfare , not insurance PROFITABLE INDUSTRIES # 1 . 
Beverages-Brewers ------------- 25.9 % profit # 10 Industrial Metals & Minerals -- 14.8 % # 20 Diversified Communications -- 11.7 % # 30 Home Health Care -------------- 08.4 % # 40 Regional Northeast Banks ------ 07.0 % # 50 Sporting Avtivities ----------- 06.0 % # 60 Aerospace Products & Services -- 05.2 % # 70 Consumer Services ------------- 04.3 % # 80 Major Integrated Oil % Gas -- 03.5 % # 86 Health Care Insurance --------- 03.3 % These are NET profits . 
Besides those listed above , Entertainment , Utilities , Tobacco Products , Auto Parts , and many , many others are more to much more profitable businesses Your last statement is inane ideological nonsense and false . 
Insurance companies MUST be for profit -LRB- I said in a previous post that you would n't understand that and obviously you do n't -RRB- and COMPANIES do exist and COMPANIES do work and COMPANIES have worked for many years . 
The problem with health insurance specifically is that your kind of liberal thinking has screwed KIND up . 
You want insurance to be a payor of convenience and PROBLEM can NEVER be that . 
PROBLEM must only cover risk , and the more risk we ask PROBLEM to cover , the MORE expensive PROBLEM MUST be . 
The present problem is that everyone wants the health insurance company to PAY from the first dollar of charges on . 
That causes the premium to be higher because WE are transferring ALL risk to the insurance company . 
When they also have to cover pre ex and no limits , the premiums MUST go MUCH higher . 
There is NO way around that . 
WE do NOT ask any other type of insurance to do that , why do WE ask health insurance to be a payor of convenience instead of covering WE UNACCEPTABLE risk . 
Would you pay a $ 200.00 dollar collision premium on a $ 500 car ? 
No , because the $ 500 . 
RISK is acceptable . 
Same thing , even if you went to the Doctor every month @ $ 100.00 per visit and your insurer paid for each visit . 
NO MUST charge you a premium that will cover NO known risk of what might happen with your health AND that premium also has to be high enough to also cover your $ 100 per month Doc charges . 
ie the premium MUST be much higher than $ 1200 per year . 
Probably 2 to 3 times higher since the first $ 1200 is only recovering NO costs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1648
Sure there is government insurance , like medicare and social security . 
Interesting . 
So what ? 
Interesting . 
So what ? 
Right . 
So the FOR PROFIT insurance company to avoid RISK will cut off the aged and unhealthy . 
That is why THE DOES NOT WORK . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1649
I 'll correct the typo : `` Oct 2009 10.1 % Aug 2010 9.6 % `` Thanks ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1650
For some persons that will be true . 
For others its a higher risk . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1651
Unfortunately , the Obama Administration is not paying bills , but creating new ones . 
ONES should be cutting on unnecessary spending . 
Obama was against earmarks during OBAMA campaign , but has shown otherwise in OBAMA Administration . 
OBAMA is more of the same . 
We 'll see how SAME pans out . 
WE should n't upset the terrorists huh ? 
Improving economy ? 
Obama 's quick actions ? 
LOL !!!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1652
I 'd love to hear your explanation of how an economy going from tanking at -7 % real and losing 700,000 jobs a month to growing private sector jobs being added is \* not \* improving . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1653
The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Wednesday shows that 28 &#37; of the nation 's voters Strongly Approve of the way that Barack Obama is performing OBAMA role as president . 
Forty-three percent -LRB- 43 % -RRB- Strongly Disapprove , giving Obama a Presidential Approval Index rating of -15 -LRB- see trendshttp : \/ \/ www.rasmussenreports.com\/publ..._tracking_poll28% love DISAPPROVE 48 % have no love for the man . 
HIM would personally tar and feather HIM well no , HIM do n't hate him that much and almost feel sorry for DISAPPROVE . 
At first and during the election -LRB- more like a love Obama orgy 100 millionsum ' -RRB- OBAMA seemed like an idealist kid that had no experience but lots of dreams . 
-LRB- OBAMA lack of executive and other experience along with OBAMA need to be liked nearly destroyed OBAMA and US , ie the nation -RRB- . 
The trouble is the wanderlust kid is taking the nation down by implementing KID socialist leaning ill thought out idealism or maybe just wishful fiat thinking that those trillions here and trillions there will come from ` somewhere ' and KID seems to be trying to make US like KID the same way a bad father spoils a child . 
US really need a tough love parent ... um ' president not a perhaps well meaning but naive enabler . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1654
Specifically , what socialist leaning ill thought out idealism has Obama implemented to date that you believe had been tearing the nation down , and do you blame that socialist leaning ill thought out idealism for the fact the economy was tanking at -7 % and losing 700,000 jobs per month before Obama ever took office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1656
The Health care program has n't even gotten off the ground yet . 
Since you have identified the Health care program as the `` socialist leaning ill thought out idealism has Obama implemented to date that you believe had been tearing the nation down '' , please explain specifically in your view how that has caused the current economic situation or how NATION contributed to the fact the economy was tanking at -7 % real and losing 700,000 jobs a month before Obama took office . 
Personally , SOCIALIST ca n't see how the health care program had one iota to do with the current state of the economy , proving your assertion is nothing more than baseless , partisan political nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1658
We are talking about people buying insurance and asking to be covered for conditions that pre-existed their having insurance -LRB- if THEIR have in place prior insurance that covered the condition , this is a non-issue -RRB- . 
What I have said in I previous post is not true for only some , but for everyone who asks to be covered for a pre-existing condition . 
Everyone of these people is asking for something beyond insurance , PEOPLE are not trying to share the risk that PEOPLE might need treatment with others who also might need treatment . 
PEOPLE are asking others to pay more , so PEOPLE can pay less , for treatment PEOPLE know PEOPLE will need . 
If you want to institute this , make the argument . 
But do not characterize this as simply insurance or characterize THIS as risk sharing -- THIS is neither . 
THIS is charity . 
To be clear , I am not saying it is wrong to offer charity . 
But THIS is misleading to claim this would be anything other than charity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1659
From one side of your mouth you say Medicare and Social Security are INSURANCE . 
But on other threads you claim that the Medicare and Social Security beneficiaries ARE NOT entitled to BENEFICIARIES benefits even though BENEFICIARIES paid in to the program all BENEFICIARIES lives and in the case of Medicare BENEFICIARIES continue to pay at $ 100 . 
per month per person . 
You want to take away those benefits to reduce the debt . 
YOU CAN NOT HAVE DEBT BOTH WAYS . 
That is liberalism 101 and DEBT is wrong now , has always been wrong , and always will be wrong . 
in &#183; sur &#183; ance -LRB- n-shrns -RRB- a. Coverage by a contract binding a party to indemnify another against specified loss in return for premiums paid . 
You intimate in previous posts that insurance companies are making a killing . 
Just as your lying clown in the White House constantly claims COMPANIES are . 
When the fact is that if insurance companies had a raw material cost like manufacturers do , COMPANIES could not make FACT on 3.3 &#37; profit . 
When shown that insurance companies are not making a killing you say , `` Interesting , So What ? '' 
So what is that is shows your position to be pure ideological nonsense and brainwashing . 
Without any fact to give credence to your nonsense . 
AGAIN . 
Please read AND comprehend the definition of insurance above . 
It is obvious you have no idea of the concept of insurance . 
If you did understand what insurance IS , you would understand that your arguments have no merit whatsoever . 
And is MERIT possible that you could actually believe that insurance companies have been in existence for well over 100 years and the politicians have not been massively regulating POLITICIANS for many decades . 
What other 100 plus year old industry has Govt kept COMPANIES nose out of ? 
RIGHT ! 
NONE , including insurance . 
Your clown-in-charge lied many times about the man with cancer that had CLOWN-IN-CHARGE insurance canceled to avoid the expense by the insurer . 
Every word of that story was a lie .1 . 
POLICY was a NEW policy . 
2 . 
He had pre-existing conditions that HE FAILED to list on the application . 
3 Insurance regulation BY THE STATE GOVTS allows insurers 2 years to investigate a new policy for pre-existing conditions . 
4 . 
The man appealed because MAN pre-ex was not cancer and MAN had no pre-ex of cancer . 
5 . 
The insurance company was totally justified in canceling the policy for cause , BUT THEY DID RELENT BECAUSE THE PRE-EX WAS NOT CANCER . 
They were NOT forced to relent , the insurance company choose to cover the man 's cancer treatment and THEY did . 
6 . 
MAN underwent the full range of cancer treatment , paid for by the insurance company . 
7 . 
MAN lived another 4 years after the completion of treatment . 
But the lying obummer said OBUMMER insurance canceled the man 's policy and OBUMMER died FOR lack OF TREATMENT . 
Total lies to con bad legislation on the public Luckily all but the brainless sheeple know LUCKILY was lying . 
. 
Once a policy is in force and past the 2 year look back . 
Insurance companies BY LAW , can not cancel a health insurance policy for an individual except for non-payment of premium . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1660
LAW 's the law of the land , and you seem oblivious to the fact that people that control money are nervous types . 
Even a baseless rumor can cause panic and freeze funds . 
Do n't beleive me try to get a moderately large small business loan -LRB- in the hundred thousand dollar range -RRB- . 
ME do n't have that kind of money but know those that do and THOSE say banks are sitting on KIND as do other sources . 
First , with all due respect and accompanying niceties , do n't attempt to box ME in to your parameters . 
ME was making a commentary not a doctoral dissertation or laying out detailed abstract critiquing our economic woes . 
And lastly a request . 
Please use quote tags as a matter of common courtesy . 
When someone interprets ME bad grammar ME don t know if they are being accurate , as ME said here before , ME cheated ME way through K3 -RRB- through middle school English , then high school and college English Grammar and sometimes math , and now , because of ME ignorance OUR are all paying for IGNORANCE ! 
So ME grammar being bad ME understand if you make wrong assumptions etc. . 
Quote tags make GRAMMAR so much easier and lessen the mistaken assumptions and helps everyone . 
Ok ME found the post number 1654 page number 166 ; Rev said -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ` The trouble is the wanderlust kid is taking the nation down by implementing KID socialist leaning ' -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- That was an opinion and -LRB- means ME believe Obama is a socialist at heart and will attempt to mould the USA into a socialist nation . 
that the nation will not survive as a socialist country IMO , and by taking REPUBLIC down ME meant REPUBLIC won t be a capitalist representative democratic republic as IMO is today , but rather some type of socialist Nation , with Obama at the helm of course . 
Rev said -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ` ill thought out idealism ' -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- ME was suggesting that -RRB- thought things would work by the power of -RRB- personality and popularity . 
Rev said -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ` or maybe just wishful fiat thinking that those trillions here and trillions there will come from ` somewhere ' -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- By that ME meant that the our fiat currency is allowing -RRB- to spend those trillions , making OUR loan officers nervous . 
ME believe JUST know that OUR are printing money to pay for Obamas trillion dollar projects\/recovery etcRev said -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ` and OBAMAS seems to be trying to make OUR like OBAMAS the same way a bad father spoils a child . 
OUR really need a tough love parent ... um ' president not a perhaps well meaning but naive enabler . ' 
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Lastly that means that OUR need a president that will cut back where necessary and do what PRESIDENT must with taxes . 
ME don t say that lightly ME lively hood depends on how well ME two non profit missions and churches perform , all three which use federal grants and private donations . 
Now PERHAPS are performing in the red and have been since the crash . 
Well no , ME reply\/rant was comment just like most of your posts and others here . 
Partisan ? 
No again , ME vote the issues not the party . 
ME know ME may sound like ME vote by the party but that is incorrect . 
That said -LRB- corrected -RRB- ME agree that the health care atrocity had a demonstrable effect on our economy at the moment , and did not mean to imply that . 
No PACKAGE 's the entire Obama package makes those that have real money nervous . 
ME am speaking of corporations and those that lend OUR gadzillion dollar sums . 
Until CORPORATIONS have faith and trust in Obama the recovery is going to drag along . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1664
You think ? 
Hey , I think we have discovered why Murdoc News constantly puts out the negative , misleading information about the economy ! 
What is a quote tag ? 
I quoted your words not because of your grammar but because folks here so often mischaracterize statements , so I try to quote verbatim the relevant statement so as not to mischaracterize . 
WE 've been socialist for 85 years now and done OK , have n't WE ? 
And WE need to restore revenues by increasing taxes . 
Sorry to hear about your churches . 
Do churches really get federal $ $ ? 
I guess that started during the Bush administration ? 
I had thought that was unconstitutional . 
OK , so ADMINISTRATION not health care after all that is responsible for tearing the nation down . 
We 've clarified that . 
Instead , it is the `` entire Obama package '' that makes those that have real money nervous that is tearing the country down . 
How is the `` entire Obama package '' doing that , and upon want facts or data , if any , do you have to demonstrate that is the cause ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1665
I do n't think Medicare is akin to Insurance . 
SS is . 
If I said Medicare was I mis-spoke and withdraw MEDICARE . 
Medicare is Govt national health care , available only to those over 65 . 
MEDICARE 's not wrong at all . 
There is no contract that guarantees you SS or medicare benefits . 
The fact you paid taxes in life does give you entitlements . 
I 've never claimed SS is an insurance policy . 
I 've said POLICY is social insurance , like insurance the pool resources and provide benefits if and only if certain conditions occur . 
I 've intimated nothing of the sort . 
Quit wasting I time with strawmen . 
I siad that insurance companies are for profit and therefore will endeavor to avoid paying benefits by excluding coverage on those more likely to meet the condition for benefits . 
Because COVERAGE is irrelevant . 
How do you figure ? 
I position is logical and factually supported . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1666
You do have a sense of humor ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1667
If you worked your entire life , you paid mega money into Medicare , they just borrowed LIFE and spent LIFE wrong ! 
-LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- Heathens ! 
MONEY 's your own money being paid back to you ... Unfortunately , HEATHENS manage MONEY incorrectly , MONEY should not be touched , ever ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1670
This women represents the way Americans are feeling , unfortunately ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1671
Thanks . 
You have a sense of dodging and dancing when you have no argument . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1672
Ha Ha Ha , so funny and maybe true ... maybe not ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1673
I 've lumped all of the above in one quote , since all of it shows you to have no knowledge of the country you live in . 
The above programs , Medicare , and Social Security are each INSURANCE . 
Both are coverage in exchange for premiums . 
One is medical coverage , one is social coverage . 
And BOTH are our ONLY 2 `` ENTITLEMENT '' programs . 
Entitlements are bad mouthed on both sides of the aisle , but what BOTH are lumping in with M & SS are give away programs , which are not entitlements , BOTH are welfare , like subsidized housing , food stamps , Medicaid . 
OUR 2 real entitlement programs have PAID BOTH premiums . 
It is the politicians , both parties , that have blown the Med . 
& SS money on many things including the welfare programs listed above , that do not pay in a penny but take out Billions per year . 
But I digress , Medicare and Social Security are insurance programs MANDATED by the Govt . 
We do not have the choice of paying for BILLIONS or not . 
The premiums are taken in the form of FICA taxes . 
Are you in any way aware of what F.I.C.A. means ? 
Federal INSURANCE Contributions Act . 
And is separate from income taxes . 
6.2 &#37; and 1.45 % of income is taken FOR Social Security and Medicare respectively . 
And both are means tested . 
Medicare the more you 've made in your working life , the more you 've paid in , but you receive only the exact same benefit of anyone that made minimum wage for only 40 quarters of BOTH working life . 
Plus if you make over $ 100,000 and you 're on Medicare , you monthly premium is higher than people making less . 
Plus those in lower income ranges can have premiums lower or waived altogether and co-pays reduced or zeroed . 
Social Security , the more you made , the more you paid in , the more benefit you receive . 
THAT is means testing . 
And if one is making over $ 108,000 . 
their SS tax stops , as does the accrual of any more benefit . 
Yes , those people will get the max SS payout , but PEOPLE also paid the highest PREMIUMS . 
And if PEOPLE are still making high incomes PEOPLE pay income tax on PEOPLE SS benefits at regular income tax rates on 50 % of the benefit , or 85 % of the benefit depending on PEOPLE income . 
People living on SS alone , do not pay any income tax on PEOPLE SS benefits . 
Your every post makes TAX obvious to all readers that you either do hate the rich or you have been ideologically brainwashed into reciting the present day liberal line . 
In years past the liberal line was TAX BIG BUSINESS . 
But when PEOPLE realized that the public KNEW that just meant higher prices , liberals changed to the `` hate the rich '' nonsense . 
And you have quite obviously bought into that stupidity , wholeheartedly . 
Again your basic misconceptions about insurance show through . 
Excluding coverage for those WITH pre-existing conditions is done , with 100 % approval of insurance regulators -LRB- elected or appointed politicians -RRB- , solely to keep premiums lower for those who are transferring risk to the insurance company in exchange for a premium . 
Covering anyone already needing treatment is transferring COST , not risk . 
RISK is a necessary factor in the insurance equation . 
Insurance companies CAN NOT be in the business of taking on COSTS , COMPANIES have to take on RISK . 
Do n't know why you are UNABLE to grasp that simple concept . 
Your position is one of misconception , and ideological nonsense , and distortions . 
And I was being kind to say you have a sense of humor . 
Your fuzzy glimpse of reality is sad , not funny . 
If I was predisposed to feel sorry for people , I 'm not , I 'd feel sorry for you 
CURRENTPOSTID 1674
I can see your point . 
I 'll agree medicare is like insurance to , in a way . 
You seem to have the mistaken impression that a political view that the wealthy ought to pay more taxes equates to hate . 
Of course IMPRESSION does n't . 
Cost is a function of risk . 
I completely understand that a person who is aged or has a pre-existing condition carries a greater risk of higher cost . 
That is why for profit private insurers will seek to cut out such persons . 
And why a system of private insurance does not work for national heath care . 
I disagree with your opinions . 
Others can decide for OTHERS . 
I can tell you are not the kind who would feel sorry for people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1675
And I am very comfortable with that . 
Feeling sorry for people instead of demanding PEOPLE get off PEOPLE ass and haul PEOPLE own load is about 70 % of our problems in this country . 
I did the `` red thing '' because THING pleases you so . 
See I have a sense of macabre , err , humor too 
CURRENTPOSTID 1677
There 's no legal contract with SS , and LIBERAL 'm pretty sure medicare as well . 
Again , LIBERAL have no surprise you are not the kind would not feel sorry for people and are comfortable with CONTRACT . 
SURPRISE 's why you are a conservative and LIBERAL 'm a liberal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1678
EVERY Bush tax cut did several things ... 1 . 
Tax INCREASES and NEW Taxes at the STATE LEVEL2 . 
30 &#37; -700 % ANNUAL Utility Rate Hikes3 . 
30 % -1,500 % ANNUAL Insurance Hikes4 . 
30 % -170,000 % DEFAULT Derivatives5 . 
Privatization to Increase Costs 700 % 6 . 
Outsourcing to Increase Default 1,200 % 7 . 
45 % -65 % ADDITIONAL DEFICITS8 . 
42 % decrease -LRB- -LRB- LOSSES -RRB- -RRB- IN 401K -LRB- -LRB- $ 21 $ 21 trillion real dollars -RRB- -RRB- THE ONLY Plan the re-tread Gingrich\/Tea Party GOP is to continue the above , targeting :1 . 
$ 3 trillion in Social Security2 . 
$ 5 trillion in Civil Service Retirement3 . 
$ 3 trillion in Teacher Pensions4 . 
$ 55 trillion ADDITIONAL Foreclosures , Evictions and Property SeizuresSo they are BACK ... brainwashing the SAME Fanatics FANATICS brainwashed with these `` Contract Defaults '' before ... but THIS time THIS SHALL DESTROY the USA ... so VOTE Democrat and keep the grubby hands of Gingrich ... Boehner ... McConnell ... Armee ... Bachmann ... Palin ... McCain ... Angle ... Hoekstra ... Frist ... Has tert ... Paladino ... Brewer ... Lieberman and the millions of Far Right Wing Welfare Recipients from plundering the USA for MILLIONS privilege and powers ... THE REAL Plan is called the EQUITY ACT ... over 251 million respondents ... 1 . 
FREEZE Utility and Insurance Premiums for next ten years2 . 
Biweekly Payroll -LRB- $ 69 -RRB- and monthly Annuity Deductions -LRB- $ 170 -RRB- to pay ALL : 2a . 
Household , Business , Agency , School and Health Care Facility ... Utilities , Insurance , Health Care , Education , Transportation Retirement and Housing3 . 
ZERO Tax Brackets for : 3a . 
New Hires 3b . 
Employee Retention 3c . 
Employee Salary IncreasesAs long as the Career PARTY SOCIALIST Duping the USA through the Bandwagon Politics of the TEA PARTY remain in power of office ... those that have become CORRUPTED by the THEFT and PLUNDER of the USA shall become even MORE dangerous and Corrupt ... VOTE DEMOCRAT and SUPPORT , President Obama and the USA ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1679
Then pay your own liberal way and do n't bother us that do n't live in an impossible dream world . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1680
I pay I own way . 
Sorry . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1681
No you do not . 
You demand that people above $ 200,000 pay more taxes so liberals can waste the money on useless social programs . 
You want those social programs , you pay for PEOPLE . 
YOU 'll gladly sign an opt out form so that YOU can not participate in your liberal Utopian dreamworld . 
But YOU refuse to pay any more for stupidity that does not work . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1682
That is not true . 
THAT demand that people pay more taxes to reduce the huge debt you conservatives love to run up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1683
We love to run up ? 
wow , do WE need to show you the statistics about Obama compared to Bush ? 
You really seem to be mis-informed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1684
Check the statistics of Reagan , Bush and Bush compared to Clinton or any president between WWII and Reagan and find out I 'm not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1685
Pardon SHOEY but `` We The People '' bailed out the banks , Wall Street and General Motors . 
SHOEY demand retribution and propose legislation for a 1 &#37; tax on all stock market exchanges , 1 % tax on all bank transactions and a 1 % tax on every GM automobile sold , new or used . 
90 % of that revenue generated from those taxes will be used as a down payment on The National Debt -LRB- Public Debt -RRB- and the remaining 10 % will be dispersed in checks back to U.S. citizens who pay taxes . 
SHOEY am Shoey and this message is surely not White House approved . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1686
GIVEN , the past was bad . 
How does that make BHO , spending at a faster rate than any of the past pres ' GOOD ? 
PRES were bad , GIVEN is equally guilty and then some . 
Before HIM make some LAME AZZ excuse for him -LRB- the hallmark of GIVEN presidency -RRB- All the bad past people had `` good '' reasons for PRES spending too . 
Out of control spending IS out of control spending , no matter WHAT the supposed reason . 
Then and NOW !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1687
i WILL NOT VOTE FOR HIM AGAIN , HIM DOES NOT HAVE A CLUE ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1688
What was the good reason for Bush squandering a surplus and running up $ 5 trillion in debt ? 
What was the good reason for Reagan taking a small deficit and quadrupling DEFICIT and tripling the debt ? 
Obama inherited the worst economic situation since the great depression that mandated fiscal stimulus . 
I agree OBAMA needs to reduce the deficits and should raise taxes and trim spending . 
I 've said SITUATION many times . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1689
What you can not comprehend is that they always have a `` good '' reason . 
Same as obummer has a `` good '' reason . 
But THEY good reason AND obummer 's good reasons are simply excuses put out by the spenders . 
THERE is no good reasons for spending Trillions we do not have . 
There was no good reason then , there is no good reason now . 
And you need to study history with your eyes and ears and mind open . 
What obummer faced and faces is about 1\/2 as bad as what Reagan faced . 
Less than half actually . 
Same bad economy , same bad unemployment PLUS massive DOUBLE DIGIT INFLATION . 
I lived and worked in those days . 
If a person made a $ 2000 IRA contribution to a bank for 22 years , at the interest rate banks were paying for an ordinary CD , they would become a millionaire . 
You could go to the grocery store a week later and buy the exact same grocery list and pay $ 20 , $ 25.00 more for the same goods . 
Did Reagan BELIEVE BELIEVE had a good reason for spending like BELIEVE did ? 
Sure BELIEVE did . 
But we are paying today for the precedent BELIEVE set then . 
Same as WE will pay for obummer 's idiocy . 
WE will suffer in the future for obummer 's policies today , PLUS inflation WILL run wild again . 
A chemo treatment that is 100 % effective against cancer is useless if PLAN also kills the patient . 
That was oBum 's treatment plan except that PLAN is killing the patient AND PLAN is not effective . 
But PLAN IS more expensive than anything else ever tried in history . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1690
During a sever recession there are very good reasons to increase spending . 
A creates demand and picks up slack caused by the overreaction of the markets and economy to lessen the full effect of the recession or recessionary spiral into depression . 
Interest rates were high because of the Fed 's actions to kill inflation , but Reagan inhereted an economy where the relative size of the debt was the lowest in 45 years and the economy was growing at 7 + &#37; real . 
Obama inherited record deficits , the highest relative debt in 60 years , and an economy tanking at -7 % real . 
Easy choice which one I 'd rather walk into . 
Depends on what you mean . 
Relatively the Govt spent far more on WWII and probably close to the same for Reagans military buildup . 
And in perspective , the spending on the stimulus is no more than the cost of the mistaken Iraq war , and really only a couple years extra annual military spending compared to 2000 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1692
Not true . 
Obama has spent like a mad man . 
Keep drinking the kool-aid . 
Except ? 
You mean accept . 
Not going to matter in November once the republicans control everything , have fun ... you only have a few months left . 
Please elaborate on the good choices . 
I ca n't seem to think of any , oh that 's because there are none . 
Everything COMMANDER does is to redistribute wealth . 
The unemployment rate has gone way up . 
COMMANDER lied many times about health care . 
The problem is COMMANDER does everything that is unpopular . 
COMMANDER is supposed to follow what the people want . 
Everything COMMANDER does is opposite of the public opinion . 
In other words there are more people upset than happy . 
Yeah since COMMANDER had a choice Obama has only continued the war , drones left and right . 
Well COMMANDER is the commander in chief , that is COMMANDER job . 
As for the criticism ... People are finally catching on to COMMANDER non-sense , even the people who fell for CRITICISM in the first place . 
Hell yes we are going to criticize NON-SENSE when NON-SENSE is spending WE money like MONEY grows on trees to give to people who do NOTHING . 
No , NO does n't . 
WE are n't moving to a socialist\/communist nation . 
Why give someone a second chance ? 
NO 's not going to change NO ideas . 
NO is set on running America straight into the ground . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1694
You 're right . 
They have nothing to run on . 
Only bash the other side . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1695
DEMOCRAT CAMPAIGN TOPICS , Its Bush 's fault . 
Tax the rich . 
FAULT 's FOX 's fault . 
Spend more , but do n't call FAULT Stimulus . 
FAULT 's Beck 's fault . 
Tax the rich . 
FAULT was worse then we `` thought . 
`` Spend more . 
Barak who ? 
Tax the rich . 
The people are dumb ! 
Spend more . 
FAULT the tea party 's fault . 
Tax the rich . 
Conservative 's are racist . 
Spend more . 
Give us time , US 've only had control since 1\/2007 ! 
Tax the rich . 
The tea party is dangerous . 
Spend more . 
FAULT somebody else 's fault . 
Tax the rich . 
Republican 's just say no , FAULT not our fault . 
Spend more . 
The tea party is racist . 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XNO Platform , NO programs other than spend wildly . 
Just whine and blame everybody but themselves . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1696
Foregoing the obvious quip about a certain other recent President , US 'd have to nominate James K Polk as the worst President in US history , considering the fact that PRESIDENT started a blatant war of aggression and territorial expansion on the flimsiest of pretexts , and nearly started another war with Britain for similar reasons . 
As for Obama , US would say that OBAMA 's done a remarkable job under very adverse circumstances , and even if OBAMA Presidency ended today , OBAMA 'd be remembered as a notable President with many accomplishments . 
Let 's examine 'S point by point : - `` OBAMA has not kept most of OBAMA campaign promises . '' 
Really ? 
Let 's check . 
Health care reform ? 
Check . 
Economic stimulus ? 
Check . 
Financial reform ? 
Check . 
Winding down the war in Iraq ? 
Check . 
Sending more forces to Afghanistan ? 
Check . 
Improving the nation 's infrastructure ? 
Check . 
Building a green economy ? 
Check . 
Err , which promises did you have in mind , exactly ? 
For a more complete rundown on promises kept or broken , look here : http:\/\/politifact.com\/truth-o-meter\/promises\/ - `` ERR has not been transparent . 
`` Compared to what ? 
Luminiferous aether ? 
While Obama certainly could have done better in this regard , COMPARED 's certainly made improvements compared to COMPARED predecessors . 
For example , you can track exactly where the stimulus money is going at http:\/\/www.recovery.gov\/Pages\/home.aspx - `` YOU has\/will raise taxes on everyone -LRB- no tax cut for 95 % of Americans -RRB- . 
`` Well duh . 
Anyone who was elected President in 2008 would have had to raise taxes at some point . 
The Bush tax cuts were simply irresponsible and unsustainable . 
- `` BUSH has increased spending\/size of government to record levels . 
`` You 're talking about the stimulus bill ? 
BUSH will remind YOU that two years ago economists from all over the political spectrum were warning of the very real danger of a second Great Depression . 
In case YOU 've forgotten YOU high school history , the Great Depression involved unemployment rates in the neighborhood of 25 % , thousands of bank failures , huge numbers of American forced to lived in Hoovervilles - makeshift camps for the homeless . 
YOU really think averting economic collapse is n't worth spending money on ? 
- `` YOU has \/ will increase THOUSANDS deficit to record levels . 
`` So a huge recurring , structural deficit to fund tax cuts for the rich is okie-dokie , but a one time emergency expenditure is the end of the world ? 
And were n't you just complaining about taxes being raised ? 
Make up YOU mind - YOU ca n't have YOU cake and eat CAKE too . 
- `` YOU ignores The People and pushes through legislation any way YOU can . 
`` Errr , were n't ERRR criticizing Clinton just a few years ago for making policy decisions based on polling ? 
And YOU seem to recall pretty constant complaints about a `` Do nothing Congress . '' 
You should really make up your mind which you want . 
- `` YOU has weakened national security\/border security . 
`` How exactly ? 
Obama has reduced the stress on a severely overextended US military . 
Our world standing has greatly improved and OUR 're seeing much more cooperation both from traditional allies and from other world powers such as Russia and China . 
Honestly , just running around the world threatening to bomb anyone OUR do n't like does not make the US any more secure . 
Considering that JUST greatly reduces the credibility of threats of military force , YOU 'd say JUST does the opposite . 
As for the border , if anything , Obama has increased border enforcement compared to Bush . 
- `` OBAMA has several proposed policies that will hurt Americans and OUR economy . 
`` Such as what ? 
OBAMA really have no idea what you 're on about with this one . 
YOU consider an economic policy that leads to 9 % unemployment rather then 25 % to have hurt the economy ? 
How exactly do YOU figure that ? 
- `` YOU is shunning our allies and kissing the asses of OUR enemies . 
`` Anyone who ever uttered the words `` freedom fries '' has absolutely no room to speak on this subject . 
Real friends tell you when you 're making a mistake . 
People who simply go along with anything and everything you want are n't friends , PEOPLE 're sycophants . 
And have you ever considered actually asking our allies what ALLIES think of the matter ? 
Obama is very popular in Europe and the rest of the world . 
US happened to be on a trip to England on election day 2008 -LRB- US voted by absentee ballot -RRB- and when US went to the airport to come back , the guy at the customs desk gave US a hearty congratulations on Obama 's election when GUY saw US US passport . 
As for OUR enemies , Iran , at least , is in a much , much weaker position now then IRAN was two years ago . 
Between internal dissension -LRB- Which Obama encouraged by holding out a hand in OBAMA inaugural -RRB- and growing international opposition -LRB- Thanks to Obama engaging in actual \* diplomacy \* -RRB- Ahmadinejad 's regime has gone from being on the verge of regional domination to severely hemmed in and with few options . 
- `` OBAMA continues to spew lies and BS to the American people . 
`` Unless you 'd care to provide actual examples , this is a meaningless insult on about the level of accusing Obama of having cooties . 
To sum up , although Obama has been far from perfect and can certainly be criticized on many points , over all OBAMA 's done quite a good job under very adverse circumstances . 
Yes , the economy still sucks , but YOU know what ? 
The President ca n't simply order prosperity to return . 
The US economy is a massive thing with a mind of THING own that the government has only limited means to influence . 
There really is n't a magic wand in a safe in the White House somewhere . 
Well , unless YOU 're advocating a change to a command economy ... Things are much better then they would have been otherwise . 
Why Democrats are n't running on this is a puzzle to US . 
Some commentators seem to think that is too complex an argument for American voters to grasp . 
US sincerely hope COMMENTATORS 're wrong . 
So yes , US will very likely vote to re-elect Obama . 
And no , US almost certainly would n't vote for Palin . 
Regardless of what YOU think of NO politics , Palin has demonstrated a disturbingly weak grasp of the issues and NO competence to perform the duties of the office are questionable at best . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1697
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN TOPICSIts Obama 's fault . 
Cut taxes for rich . 
FAULT 's MSM 's fault . 
Spend more , but do n't call FAULT Stimulus . 
FAULT 's Biden 's fault . 
Cut taxes for rich . 
It is worse that FAULT is . 
Borrow more . 
Sarah who ? 
Cut taxes for the rich . 
The people are dumb ! 
Borrow more . 
Its the tea party 's fault . 
Cut taxes for the rich . 
Obama is a racist . 
Spend more . 
Kick them out , THEM 've had control since Jan 2009 ! 
Cut taxes for the rich . 
The liberals are dangerous . 
Borrow more . 
Its somebody else 's fault . 
Cut taxes for the rich . 
Everything is Obama 's fault . 
Spend more . 
Blacks are racists . 
Cut taxes for the rich . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1698
He certainly was not one of our best . 
I almost fell off I chair laughing at this one . 
Most of these promises kept will be detrimental to our economy . 
HE stimulus certainly has not panned out . 
Obamacare will most certainly be disastrous , and most Americans favor a repeal . 
OBAMA is doing somewhat better , I believe , but not to the degree OBAMA said OBAMA would , and certainly only after pressure to do so . 
OBAMA stimulus is very questionable at to whether STIMULUS had any affect on our economy other than increasing the deficit . 
One-time emergency expenditure ? 
You have n't been paying attention to Obama spending and the projected deficits OBAMA will incur . 
They are history-making and record-breaking . 
I was not complaining about Clinton , personally . 
Most Americans were against Obamacare because most Americans know SPENDING will not do what Obama thinks SPENDING will . 
Obama is viewed as weak by many countries . 
OBAMA apology tour certainly has not helped . 
Most of Obama 's actions on the border were lip service . 
National guards troops without enforcement authority or loaded weapons . 
OBAMA 600 million increase in border funding is a drop in the bucket of what OBAMA should be doing . 
Hid DOHS has suspended several administrative checks regarding status of folks in the U.S. that allows for more illegal activity . 
OBAMA said STATUS would stay under 8 % , yet has gone to 10 % . 
What makes you think OBAMA had anything to do with the numbers not getting worse ? 
Maybe FOLKS would not have reached 10 % if Obama left the private sector alone and did n't spend like Paris Hilton on Rodeo Drive . 
OBAMA may have been popular before the election , and shortly thereafter , but now OBAMA is not . 
I am in Europe at least once a month on business , and OBAMA is not that popular anymore . 
Most folks view Obama as just a typical politician and more of the same . 
Obama continues to live in a pipe dream believing OBAMA policies are helping our economy . 
OBAMA pushes Obamacare even though many fear DREAM , and most Americans want DREAM repealed . 
The scary thing is that I really think Obama thinks OBAMA is right with OBAMA policies , even though many are against OBAMA . 
Just speculation . 
I am not sure Palin is the right person for the job . 
I certainly think that PERSON is a smart lady , and just does n't act like a typical politician . 
PERSON could certainly do no worse that Obama , IMO . 
Obama is a good BS-er . 
OBAMA actually had no experience or credentials to be POTUS . 
EXPERIENCE is also very clear , according to this poll , that Obama is not very popular anymore . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1699
DAN-NO ! 
- You must be filthy rich or just a committed tea party enthusiast . 
YOU travel only to this thread , and every time , YOU see multiple posts by you that are nothing more than opinionated nonsense , full of tea party rhetoric that ANY knowledgable , in touch person can refute . 
And , when they do -- as YOU have on occasion -- the DAN-NO rebuttal is more of the same opinionated nonsense . 
Like MOST conservatives , your posts reveal that you `` think ? '' 
posting the same stuff over and over will convince others you have an argument . 
B -- O -- R -- YOU -- N -- G !!!!!! 
You are like a biting fly that pesters a person until the only solution is a `` swat , '' so , here 's mine -- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1700
Please tell me one thing that 's incorrect on his list ... ONE thing 
CURRENTPOSTID 1701
First , you do n't know what the tea party is . 
You only know what your brainwashing elitists tell you to think . 
The tea party , simply put , is the overwhelming majority of American Citizens . 
Mainstream America IS the tea party , some actually join , others are just sympathetic to tea party ideas . 
And everything I posted that elicited your derogatory quote is an accurate depiction of liberal statements . 
Made over and over and over . 
B -- O -- R -- I -- N -- G !!!!!! 
Yes conservatives DO have opinions , based in reality and truth . 
Your quote PROVES that liberals have opinions too . 
Based in beautiful theories that can not continue . 
You liberals want all things for all persons , beautiful , a wonderful goal . 
Talk to CHARITIES , not Governments . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1702
READERS Please Note !!! 
Conservatives like to hawk READERS `` views '' but seldom supply any `` unbiased '' sources for CONSERVATIVES `` facts . '' 
Research of CONSERVATIVES `` facts '' shows a heavy , fundamental reliance on Republican\/Tea Party propaganda . 
When challenged for CONSERVATIVES propaganda , CONSERVATIVES change the subject or ignore the challenge completely . 
Thus , this is NOT debate , but a biased , single minded rehearsed tirade of unfounded , opinionated rhetoric . 
Now , I am quick to remind all that NOW 's perfectly OK to have an opinion and to post OPINION no matter how perverse or ill-advised , BUT , in this American democracy , we the people , have the means to research such material and when one does , one is not surprised to discover just how slanted and unfounded conservative propaganda is . 
Here 's an example : Both DAN-NO40 and Onalandline deride the `` Stimulus . '' 
How about the report just released today by the WH and confirmed in this article in The Washington Post : Report gives stimulus high marks by Lori Montgomery . 
Read REPORT and judge for yourself . 
Facts are facts and opinion is just that -- opinion ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1704
TRIFLE may be that 20 years is your `` Right '' time to evaluate the current president , but TRIFLE 's a trifle `` long '' term for me -- and perhaps for you depending upon your age . 
ME was around when Reagan was president and even tho ' ME voted for Nixon , ME found Reagan to be a B-picture actor `` acting '' like a president . 
REAGAN best performance was convincing everyone REAGAN was a `` good '' president . 
Further , REAGAN likely had Alzheimer 's when REAGAN was in the WH , and it was reported that REAGAN was often caught ` nodding ' off during meetings . 
Personally , ME prefer to depend on someone who CAN be aroused at 2 AM with an emergency . 
ME am an Independent , and ME agree that Bratboy Bush was the worst president during ME lifetime . 
ME did not support Obama during the 2008 campaign -LRB- ME supported Hillary and was very angry with the DNC for taking Texas away from HILLARY and ` giving ' TEXAS to Obama and for ignoring the 18 million votes HILLARY got nationally . 
ME blame Ted Kennedy for that bit of ` political slight of hand . ' 
ME never supported any Kennedy , either -RRB- . 
But , there is NO way ME can support the political perfidy that permeates the Republican party since Reagan . 
These people are ` off the charts ' when THE comes to reason and proffering PEOPLE ` facts ' as truth . 
PEOPLE are pro-wealth and corporate personhood -LRB- Corporations are NOT human and have only one purpose : to make a profit . 
The Constitution was written FOR the preservation of ` human ' life , liberty and pursuit of happiness , NOT profit -RRB- . 
CONSTITUTION is ME opinion that the conservatives on the SCOTUS are a group of anti-Constitutional nincompoops ! 
The best thing that Obama has done so far , in ME view , is to nominate 2 more women to the Court . 
These brilliant women have faced the slings and arrows of sex discrimination by the `` good ole boys ' club '' and likely will write opinions based on humanitarian rather than corporate needs when WOMEN must judge some of the crackpot laws the Republican dominated Congress passed and both GWB and WJC signed into law . 
As for the so called ` blue dog ' democrats , DEMOCRATS 're now simply out of the closet homogametic republicans . 
May DEMOCRATS rue DEMOCRATS votes to DEMOCRATS political deathbed . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1706
You have serious issues and should seek counseling ! 
And `` POLITICIANS LIE '' is not a newsflash . 
Both parties are and have been guilty of taking anything out of context and using NEWSFLASH to PARTIES best advantage . 
For instance , Reid did say what REID is claimed to have said , THAT IS A FACT . 
Using FACT in a manner other than how REID meant FACT IS politics . 
Simple fact , obummer came in with 69 % approval . 
Today only 30 % of the public says PUBLIC would vote to re-elect REID . 
That 's the public saying that , not the politicians . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1707
Go to the log Cabin republicans.com and see gay people who are normal , the media reports them undignified on purpose ... Democrats exploit THEM and give THEM hope in every election , but never deliver ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1709
hELL NO ! 
tHATS LIKE ASKING ME IF i WANT THE ECONOMY TOO FAIL FOREVER ! 
jOLLEE 
CURRENTPOSTID 1710
I think the failure of the economy would do us some good . 
FAILURE would highlight the inherent failings of Capitalism . 
Capitalism is UNSUSTAINABLE . 
Capitalism is defined by competition . 
The question our generation -LRB- the breathing -RRB- faces , is this : what happens when someone wins ? 
The power wielded by the winners - that is all I want folks to contemplate . 
Best . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1713
Readers , please note : The White House ? 
The Washington Post ? 
Certainly unbiased sources . 
LOL !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1714
Factcheck.org ? 
Are you serious ? 
One of the most biased websites owned by some Obama cronies . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1715
Power wielded by winners is clearly thousands of percentage points better than power wielded by LOSERS . 
Humans have brains that allow us to out think other animals . 
And US make better use of tools than other animals . 
But make no mistake , US live in the same jungle as all the other animals do . 
Ours is often made of concrete and steel now , instead of trees . 
But US only changed CONCRETE appearance , JUNGLE still a jungle and always will be . 
And losers do not rule any jungle anywhere . 
And never will . 
Capitalism IS the unbreakable law of the jungle . 
Liberalism can temporarily prostitute that law , but LAW can not even begin to fundamentally change LAW . 
Those that want to live productive lives and prosper , will ! 
The others will get only what OTHERS have earned . 
To say , `` Capitalism is UNSUSTAINABLE , '' is to be completely out of touch with reality . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1716
All we would have needed it 3 republicans to believe in gay rights and WE would have had open gays in the military . 
3 republicans . 
Do n't give me that democrats do n't deliver -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
DEMOCRATS worked DEMOCRATS ass off for gay rights and the republicans said no to yet another civil rights issue . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1717
Now , for another lesson in ` truthiness : `` Therefore , if you KNOW what a politician or pundit says is a lie , then NOW 's ` freedom of speech ' for YOU to continue to spread that lie ? 
On what moral compass do YOU set that philosophy ? 
On what the serpent in the Garden of Eden had to say , perhaps ? 
That 's the kind of collective dishonesty that the tea party and THEREFORE conservative fellow travelers use to spread TRAVELERS unAmerican philosophy of ' political hatred , ' and TRAVELERS unreasonable goal to foster governmental turmoil and eventual destruction in a stable democracy . 
How can the tea party\/conservative Republican party justify that philosophy without undermining the Constitutional ideals of ` human ' life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness and that ` all men -LRB- mankind -RRB- are created equal ? ' 
Again , Obama 's popularity is NOT the question supporting this thread . 
YEARS 's , `` Would you vote for Obama in 2010 ? '' 
That 's 2 years from now . 
In politics , that 's an eternity . 
IOW , just another example of conservative distraction and manipulation to distort the facts to suit YOU political purposes . 
Some of us are not so intellectually ignorant or ` needy ' for political ` purification . ' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1718
Since you have hooked up the tea party and conservatives Republicans , it is obvious that you have not looked into it for yourself . 
YOU are simply repeating and spreading liberal lies . 
What conservative Republicans , or moderate Republicans , or radical Republicans , have to say does not matter to me any more than what Democrats of any ilk have to say . 
The Republican Party does not speak for the tea party and the tea party does not speak for the Republican Party . 
Democrats and Republicans ARE political parties . 
The tea party is not a political party , PARTY is a grass roots movement of the MAJORITY of the American public . 
PARTY does not speak with one voice , nor is PARTY coordinated . 
The liberal media demonizes the tea party because PARTIES fear PARTY . 
Not for violence , but that the liberal media is afraid of losing PARTY power . 
And POWER will , precisely because the media SHOULD be reporting facts and events as PARTIES ARE , NOT as PARTIES 'd like PARTIES to be . 
Rather than vomiting out the pablum your liberal loonies have taught you , you should go and see the tea party for yourself and with an open mind . 
What you will see is AMERICA working the way it is supposed to work . 
For the people , by the people . 
You should be embracing real America rather than helping spread lies by elitists afraid of losing PEOPLE powers . 
The tea party is not a political party , but AMERICA is already larger than either the Democratic Party or the Republican Party . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1719
Are you claiming that the washington post has a liberal bias ??? 
: Laughing : Maybe that was the case in 1970 , but that is certainly not the case in 2010 . 
If anything , the Post has a right wing bias , not the other way around . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1720
The vote was 56 to 43 . 
Yet there are only 41 Republicans . 
You DID NOT get the Democratic\/Independent vote EITHER . 
So HOW is HOW the Republicans fault ? 
Why are you not pointing the finger at your dissenting Democrats ????? 
For well over a year Democrats had held a 60 to 40 super majority . 
Yet they constantly claimed Republicans were blocking everything , a mathematical impossibility . 
Now the Dems hold a 59 to 41 advantage . 
When the vote is 59 to 41 , THEN you can gripe about Republicans , but 43 never is 59-41 . 
Get your own group in order , then complain . 
Until then blaming Republicans is just another in the long , long , line of liberal excuses and avoiding the blame for THEN own shortcomings . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1721
LIBERAL could n't possibly agree with you more , and LIBERAL am a liberal . 
It is a lie to convince people who are left wing to continue to support the corporatist , decidedly not left wing Democratic party . 
So PEOPLE lie and blame Republicans . 
Well many Democrats are not that stupid . 
Many Democrats understand math , and know that for about a year , Democrats could have done whatever PEOPLE felt like . 
PEOPLE could have passed progressive health care reform , that included a public option . 
Health care reform that benefited the American people , by insuring the uninsured and lowering premiums for the rest of us . 
Instead what US got was a handout to insurance companies . 
COMPANIES continue to try to blame Republicans for COMPANIES lack of progress , but the reality is COMPANIES are owned by the same corporate and special interests that Republicans are . 
COMPANIES have simply convinced people COMPANIES are the party of the people . 
That is a lie , US have 2 parties of the rich and powerful , and none who are for the poor or more importantly the middle class . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1722
When we really think about it , IT 's astonishing how much influence the Blue Dogs in the Senate have . 
Their actions eventually led to the public option being dropped , resulting in poor legislation that is a major reason Democrats are being -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ted on in the polls . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1723
I do n't even think it is only the Blue Dogs anyways . 
Ultimately the Blue Dogs are beholden to the Democratic party leadership . 
If the party does not fund their campaigns , THEIR will have a hard time raising money THEIR , unless THEIR are particularly charismatic . 
TIME is the fault of the Democratic party leadership . 
THEIR could have gotten a better health care bill through if THEIR had the political will to do so , but THEIR did n't . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1724
Well that 's included in the whole situation but allow THAT to do what THAT want and we see what happened . 
If OBAMA 'm Reid , Pelosi , Obama , and the DNC leadership OBAMA tell THAT to back this or GONNA 're gonna have to end up passing crappy legislation , which is what happened . 
Ultimately , one party is out of THAT collective minds , and the other is too much of a wuss to get anything substantial done . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1726
More than conservatives . 
Obama has been at odds with the American people on almost every issue since OBAMA took office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1727
Really ? 
The guy has been giving campaign speeches and pushing GUY agenda at full speed since taking office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1728
So YOU subtract $ 288 billion from the total stimulus and divide that remainder by the 2.5 million jobs that will eventually be created and YOU get that each job has cost $ 210,400.00 . 
This you consider good ? 
This YOU consider a good reason to go another trillion dollars in debt ? 
The New Orleans levees ? 
YOU have spent many billions to fix and improve the levees over the last 100 years . 
Not 10 cents on the dollar has ever reached the levees . 
LA. . 
AND N.O. could teach Chicago things about corruption and graft , and that is really saying something . 
And the infrastructure ? 
Indeed do the repairs , that was what the `` shovel ready '' projects were supposed to be all about . 
But then WHY did obummer ask , within the last month , for ANOTHER $ 50 BILLION STIMULUS expressly for infrastructure repairs ? 
And $ 30 billion for teachers , and $ 26 billion for unemployment benefits to extend to 123 WEEKS ! 
Add those amount in on the cost of jobs and AMOUNT becomes much more than $ 210,400.00 per job . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1729
As a matter of fact , I do . 
Would you prefer the government had used the money instead to directly hire people ? 
Or perhaps a direct subsidy to everyone ? 
Oh wait , would n't that be \* gasp \* socialism ? 
Of course a more efficient stimulus would be preferable , but unless you have a suggestion on how to actually do that , I really do n't see your point . 
The stimulus was obviously far from perfect , and constructive criticism is always welcome . 
But it was necessary , and suggesting that we should n't have done STIMULUS is unreasonable , unless you seriously are saying that a depression with 25 % unemployment would be preferable to the current situation . 
Sources please ? 
That 's quite a claim you 're making , I 'd like to see something to substantiate STIMULUS . 
Even if STIMULUS 's true , STIMULUS 's rather beside the point . 
The NO levees are simply a symptom of a much larger problem . 
Arguing that if LA is corrupt and therefore does not spend LA infrastructure money effectively we should not be spending money on infrastructure is rather akin to arguing that if the Chicago fire department is corrupt and ineffective , WE should stop spending money on fire protection period . 
Well , for one thing , because because the American Society of Civil Engineers estimates that $ 1.6 trillion is needed over a five-year period to bring the nation 's infrastructure to a good condition . 
http:\/\/apps.asce.org\/reportcard\/2005\/index.cfmLike I said , the US has been neglecting I infrastructure for four decades . 
A large portion of WE current infrastructure , especially the interstate system , was built in the 50 's and 60 's , with a design life of around 50 years . 
You do the math . 
The stimulus spending , even with another $ 50 billion added on , is just a drop in the bucket of what WE really need . 
An unpleasant reality , but unless you think that you not having to pay taxes is more important then little things like functional transportation , water , electricity , and sewage systems ... Yes , spending money on teachers is obviously a massive waste ! 
Who needs schools ? 
The education WE kids will get on the streets should be more then enough to keep the US competitive for decades to come , right ? 
And unemployment ? 
Ha , if someone 's out of work , WORK 's obviously AND own fault , and WE should let AND lazy asses starve ! 
Right ? 
Right ?? 
WE need to deal with the situation as SITUATION really is , and ignoring problems because you think AND should n't exist is both irresponsible and irrational . 
Oh , and incidentally - considering that Tea Party backed candidates have been winning some and losing some in Republican primaries , and considering that party primaries are notoriously more partisan and farther from the center then the nation as a whole , I really think that claiming the Tea Party represents the overwhelming majority of the nation is a bit of an overstatement . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1730
I 'd prefer the Govt stay out of the `` FREE '' Market . 
There is not one shred of PROOF that your statement is true . 
Is SHRED one possibility ? 
Yes , SHRED is ONE of the possibilities . 
Just as the economy is a living thing , THING also could have recovered on THING own . 
That is not saying THING would have , just saying that is also one of the possibilities . 
$ 814,000,000,000.00 that we did not and do not have . 
Every cent of THING could have gone to tax relief . 
An immediate $ 814 BILLION in the hands of the people might have really STIMULATED the economy . 
That is NOT an alternative suggestion . 
THING just one of the many possibilities . 
The Govt interfering in business was a major factor in the down economy . 
Relying on the same people to fix the problem PEOPLE caused is hardly the wisest move . 
And before you start with the Bush blaming , I mean politicians of both parties over decades of inexperienced and enlightened interference in business . 
What the politicians did over time was to change the business heads from can do leaders and fierce competitors , into business politicians in order to get along with the Govt . 
And like ALL politicians everywhere , the business politicians went bad same as the elected politicians do . 
If you want to substantiate TIME , do a tiny bit of research on your own and then you 'll know . 
What you are UNaware of is not I problem . 
And if I wish to say something , I SAY UNAWARE . 
And nowhere did I say that the levees should not be funded . 
Saying the money got eaten up by corruption , which MONEY did , is not saying the work should n't be done . 
Federal highways and bridges , and Interstate Highways and bridges , are the responsibilities of the Federal Govt . 
All the other infrastructure is the responsibility of the state where the road or bridge is located . 
Paying teachers is also the responsibility of the state in question . 
Dealing with reality was what I was telling you in regard to the NO levees . 
Living in an unreal dreamworld is what is irresponsible and irrational . 
And looking to a `` Big Brother '' Govt for answers is irresponsible and irrational . 
We will see , wo n't WE ? 
And GOVT is tea party , not Tea Party . 
GOVT is many diverse groups , not a political Party . 
And GOVT is the majority of America as WE will see . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1731
Sadly , Dan40 , not every solution produced by the free market is ideal . 
For example , the DAN40 gave us cities with burning rivers , sucg as the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland , Ohio , which caught fire at least 13 times . 
DAN40 also gave US cars that were frankly rolling death traps . 
The federal government had to drag the auto industry kicking and screaming into even putting in seat belts . 
And then there were continent spanning monopolies that used ruthless business practices to crush any potential competition , such as Standard Oil . 
Child labor , downright deadly working conditions , slums and poverty , US could go on for quite a while . 
The point is that the free market is a very powerful and efficient engine for creating material wealth , but that 's \* all \* POINT does . 
Both the government and the market are tools for creating a prosperous society and dealing with that society 's problems . 
Like all tools , each has EACH strengths and weaknesses , and when used appropriately compliment each other . 
Historical experience has shown that neither a pure laissez-faire capitalism nor a strict command economy work particularly well in the real world . 
We need a system of checks and balances , where different institutions work toward EACH strengths , and keep an eye on each other . 
US 've been doing US best to research and reference US posts , if there 's something US need to further substantiate , US apologize and ask that you please specify exactly which statement you mean . 
This is US basic argument :1 - Around the time of 2008 , the US economy was on the verge of a major collapse , and faced the very real possibility of a second Great Depression .2 - Since then , the economy has moved back from the brink and improved substantially , even though the current economic situation is still far from good .3 - The first Great Depression created 25 % unemployment , thousands of bank failures , and extensive homelessness in the US . 
US did n't think any of those was in dispute . 
If you take issue with THOSE , please say so and US will track down some sources for you .4 - The Stimulus Bill has had a substantial impact on the economy , stimulating both GDP and employment . 
US have already provided extensive substantiation for this statement - if you need your memory refreshed , then just scroll up to US previous posts . 
If you still disagree with US on this point , then you either need to challenge US sources , provide sources of your own to contradict US position , or challenge some aspect of US reasoning . 
Simply saying that there 's no `` PROOF '' is not an argument - there 's no such thing as absolute proof of anything , simply evidence in support of or against a position . 
US 've provided the evidence in support of US position - RESPONSIBILITY 's now your responsibility to provide evidence in support of yours .5 - The conclusion to be drawn is that we were in serious danger of seeing 25 % unemployment , and that the stimulus helped avert this . 
Therefore , saying that the stimulus should not have been passed is implying that you find running the serious risk of 25 % unemployment to be preferable to the current situation with 10 % unemployment . 
This is simple and basic logic . 
If you find fault with THIS , where , exactly ? 
US have never stated that 25 % unemployment was certain . 
But the future never is certain . 
So again US ask , do you think risking such a drastic collapse and massive human suffering is preferable to what we have ? 
If you 're saying that pure tax cuts are much more effective at stimulating the economy then anything else , then , you know , actually make an argument for that . 
Most economist say that tax cuts are one of several effective ways of stimulating the economy . 
For example , in the industry survey of economists US cited above , `` Panelists were asked to consider nine of the elements of the stimulus package and rank US effectiveness . 
The three ranked as most effective were infrastructure of a physical nature -LRB- roads , bridges , etc -RRB- , unemployment benefits expansion , and personal tax-rate cuts . 
`` http:\/\/www.nabe.com\/graphweek\/2009\/gw090329.htmlAs a final note , US would point out that when speaking of the Stimulus Bill as NOTE was passed , you tend to say things such as `` $ 814,000,000,000.00 that YOU did not and do not have . '' 
And yet you seemed to imply that you would have supported the exact same expenditure if EXPENDITURE had all gone to tax cuts . 
Perhaps US am misunderstanding you , but EXPENDITURE sounds very much as if you 're implying that spending the money is fine , so long as you get a big piece of EXPENDITURE . 
On what basis do you assert that government interference led to the recession ? 
US 've heard lots of theories about the causes , although most people seem to agree that the collapse of the housing bubble and the failure to regulate the derivatives market are major factors . 
What government interference are you talking about ? 
How exactly did COLLAPSE cause the recession ? 
Explain , please . 
Saying that politics has somehow infected business in the last few decades is frankly absurd - business and politics have gone arm in arm for time immemorial . 
Eve back in the Roman Republic campaigns ran on money as much as modern ones do . 
Err , if you want to make a statement , then RESPONSIBILITY 's your responsibility to back RESPONSIBILITY up , not mine . 
US 'm very curious where you got the `` Less then 10 % of the money reaching the levees '' figure . 
If US need help doing the research , PM US and US 'll be happy to teach you . 
And US have to tell you , refusing to back up your statements makes HELP sound like you 're just making HELP up . 
Soooooo , SOOOOOO 's a terrible thing for the federal government to do this , but if the state governments do the exact same thing , THING 's perfectly okay ? 
O_o US 'm sorry , but US really do n't follow your reasoning there . 
What difference does O_O make if O_O 's the feds or the states ? 
Ultimately O_O 's all being paid for by tax dollars anyway . 
The federal government has much greater financial resources then any of the states , and many of the states are legally or constitutionally unable to borrow money , even in an emergency . 
GOVERNMENT only makes sense for the level of government with the deepest pockets to do the heavy lifting during hard times . 
If you have a plan for fighting corruption and inefficiency , please , share ! 
We need all the good ideas WE can get on the subject . 
And US 'm simply pointing out that SUBJECT at least sounds as if your general solution to problems is to ignore them . 
If you have constructive solutions to offer , US 'd very much like to hear more about THEM . 
As for `` Big Brother '' ... Have you actually read 1984 ? 
US really do n't see how there 's a comparison between a government that builds roads and bridges , pays teachers , and provides unemployment insurance and a government that has video surveillance in every citizen 's home , requires everyone to participate in a `` Daily Hate , '' and uses physical and psychological torture to brainwash all dissenters into believing that the government is literally omnipotent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1732
You seem to love to credit or blame me for saying things ME did not say . 
Your liberal prejudice prevents you from reading what was written , rather you decide what you think ME said . 
Which makes PREJUDICE impossible for ME to carry on an intelligent debate with you when ME say things clearly and you decide ME 'm saying something other than that . 
So enjoy your liberal nonsense dreamland . 
If you ever bump into reality , come back and talk to ME . 
ME can not defend what you wish ME said since ME did not say what you wish ME said . 
And you list a litany of bad things the free market has done , but you list none of the good things LITANY has done . 
And seat belts were not mandated by the Govt until cars already had them . 
WEARING seat belts was mandated , not installing THEM . 
Same with padded dashes , and collapsible steering wheels and crush zones . 
All installed in cars by AUTO men while politicians were chasing hookers on European junkets . 
When real auto men got replaced by political savvy executives , more safety was mandated in cars , and the American auto industry went down the toilet . 
Gas guzzlers were the order of the day , WHY ? 
Because ORDER was what SOLD ! 
Then until the economy went to hell it was the yuppie SUV 's that sold . 
Amazing how tree huggers can ignore HUGGERS driving about in a 4 ton Suburban Assault Vehicle and blame others for damaging Ma Nature . 
The free market has done some bad , no two ways about that . 
But MARKET also INVENTED the ` middle class , ' The free market came up with the 40 hour week , NOT unions . 
Did you know that ? 
And the 8 hour day , also not a union idea . 
Would you care to compare all the bad things that Govt has done , with all the bad the free market has done . 
Or do YOU live on a street called ONE WAY ? 
Govt IS and has been , a much , much bigger problem -LRB- with no good answers -RRB- compared to the free market . 
And you list 1 2 3 4 5 like they were facts . 
THEY are NOT facts , THEY are liberal opinions . 
Look up the difference . 
But you will read this like ME said THEY are wrong . 
THEY are opinions , neither right or wrong , but not facts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1734
Yes , I will vote in 2012 , but not for I party I have been with since 18 years old ! 
Something sinister has taken over I party and I know SOMETHING ! 
I will not be a part of the destruction of the America I know and love , I love this country and will be true too 18 ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1736
Your an honest man , MAN hope smart too ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1737
And I refuse to vote for Putin ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1739
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Mod Edit : Flamebaiting -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- You say the Stimulus spending SAVED the economy . 
THAT is an opinion , not a fact . 
When I say that economies have recovered on -LRB- own . 
That IS a fact . 
But OPINION is not saying that this present economy would have recovered on ECONOMY own . 
We DO NOT know either way , that is a fact . 
I OPINION , and always stated as such , is that the Stimulus was and is a waste of money . 
When I said that IF 3.5 million jobs were created , -LRB- and I opinion is that they were not and will not be -RRB- then those jobs cost $ 232,000.00 each . 
Somehow ME believe MILLION OK for the Govt to `` create jobs '' at a cost of $ 232,000.00 Each , and also OK for the Govt to increase taxes on all those who are `` rich . '' 
Meaning EACH make over $ 200,000.00 . 
So MILLION OK for the Govt to ` create ' jobs that cost $ 32,000.00 MORE than the `` rich line ? 
`` When ME said the Govt could just as well given the whole Stimulus money to the unemployed , ME clearly said that is NOT an alternative suggestion . 
Yet your prejudicial interpretation blinded YOUR to that and attempted to ridicule ME for making such a suggestion . 
Which ME did not make . 
So since SO are unable to see or hear , or read , REALITY , and ME am unable to wander in YOUR Utopian dreamworld because reality keeps biting ME on the ass , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , Forget UNABLE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1741
Given the fact the economy was tanking at -7 % and losing 700,000 jobs a month when the stimulus was passed and STIMULUS now growing and the private sector is creating jobs , given that the bi-partisan CBO estimates that millions of jobs have been saved or created by the stimulus , it is an opinion that is well supported by fact . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1742
You statement is ALSO an opinion . 
And the CBO is NOT bi-partisan , unless you consider CBO speaking FOR the party in power to be bi-partisan . 
And the CBO was correct last , , , , , , , , , , , , , , WHEN ?? 
They make 10 year projections . 
Kindly name a CBO projection of 10 or more years vintage that is correct . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1743
Supported by facts . 
Sure it is . 
IT 's not controlled by the party in power You confuse projections versus reporting past events . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1744
This passes for originality in the liberal world . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1745
Just about as much as the post to which it responded . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1746
NET : you can not name an accurate projection of the CBO . 
You may use ALL CBO projections since NET inception . 
Is there a single one that proved accurate ? 
And since there IS NOT , why should any citizen pay any attention to CBO projections . 
We know one thing about their projections from experience , THING WILL BE WRONG . 
The party in power GIVES the CBO the parameters THEIR want the CBO to consider . 
The CBO simply projects on what CBO is given . 
The party in power gives the CBO a program that the party estimates will cost a trillion over 10 years . 
THEIR tell the CBO that THEIR will raise taxes in 8 years to get the needed trillion in funding . 
The CBO ` projects ' the program to be deficit neutral . 
You know , I know , the CBO knows , dust mites in the Congressional carpet know , that no such tax increase will be passed . 
But that is not the CBO 's job , the parameters say the program will be funded so the CBO projects deficit neutral . 
A silly sleight of hand by whichever party is in power . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1747
No one is talking about projections . 
Why are you ? 
Proof that CBO estimates of job creation are based on parameters given to CBO by the Democrats , please . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1749
Talk about seeing the world through rose colored glasses . 
Once again you present OPINIONS AS FACTS . 
FACT -LRB- f kt -RRB- n1 . 
a truth verifiable from experience or observation.O-PIN-ION -LRB- - pnyn -RRB- n. 1 . 
A belief or conclusion held with confidence but not substantiated by positive knowledge or proof : The ny times link is useless , they are an advertising agency for liberals AND THEY are rapidly going out of business for THEY stupid choice of yellow journalism . 
The NABE link is clearly an opinion , no FACTS in evidence . 
But amazingly , THEY OPINION is that there is a 10.3 % CHANCE that the Stimulus shortened the recession . 
A 60.3 % CHANCE that the Stimulus had a `` modest effect '' on shortening the recession . 
And a 29.4 % CHANCE that the Stimulus had little or NO effect . 
Are you sure that 's the info you wish to use to justify an expenditure of nearly a trillion dollars that we do n't have ? 
hint : CHANCE does not translate into FACT . 
And the link to Ben Stein 's opinion . 
Did you even read LINK ? 
STEIN wrote that 3\/19\/10 . 
Does not voice any strong support for the Stimulus then , nor strong opposition to 3\/19\/10 either . 
In any case , again , FACT is a opinion not a fact . 
A fact is that the economy is in almost exactly the same place today as ECONOMY was on 3\/19\/10 . 
7 months later and improvements to the economy are infinitesimally small . 
And just as good a case can be made for the Stimulus slowing the recovery as can be made for speeding CASE up . 
As can a case be made for NATURAL recovery taking place on CASE own . 
As YOUR links bear out ! 
Obummer could n't look up respect on Google let alone deserve ANY ! 
I 'll elaborate if you 're confused about I opinion . 
OBUMMER IS a closed minded Socialist completely lost in academic theories with no clue of practicality . 
But that is OBUMMER considered and very experienced OPINION . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1750
Yeeeees , Dan , LEHMAN am well aware of the difference between opinions and facts . 
LEHMAN also know that facts always come with some degree of doubt and uncertainty . 
And opinions are n't all created equal , and do n't exist in a vacuum . 
There \* are \* no certainties in life , no absolutes . 
We need to weigh all the evidence in any particular case and decide what the best conclusion is based on the information available to WE . 
LEHMAN present the evidence as LEHMAN find PRESENT , and invite everyone to reach THERE own conclusions and present THERE own arguments . 
LEHMAN do n't change the evidence to suit LEHMAN point of view , and LEHMAN do n't cherry pick . 
LEHMAN change LEHMAN point of view to suit the evidence . 
If you want to convince LEHMAN , then show LEHMAN . 
Show LEHMAN the facts , show LEHMAN your argument . 
LEHMAN 'm getting a little tired of people who say that any news source that ever presents anything THEN disagree with is a mouthpiece for the other side . 
And yes , there are plenty of liberals guilty of this as well . 
Any news source that does n't challenge you and make you question your positions at least from time to time is n't a very good news source . 
In any case , in this instance , the NY Times is simply reporting on research done by Moody 's et al. . 
If you want to discount the information , ORIGINATOR 's the originator , not the reporter , you need to address . 
As for the NABE survey , yes you 're right , SURVEY is a matter of opinion . 
The opinions of a a large number of professional economists , who study this stuff for a living . 
And yes , LEHMAN did read Ben Stein 's article . 
As LEHMAN stated when LEHMAN originally posted the link , the point is not that Mr Stein is giving an enthusiastic endorsement of the stimulus - clearly STEIN is not - the point is that a very conservative economist of high standing like Mr Stein , who has criticized the stimulus on many occasions , would seem to imply that stimulus was both necessary and at least somewhat effective . 
`` But the losses to the economy following the failure of Lehman have been on the order of hundreds of billions , maybe trillions . 
Certainly the rescue and stimulus packages needed in the wake of the Lehman failure have amounted to the trillions . 
`` And if just as good a case can be made that the stimulus slowed down the recovery , then make STIMULUS already . 
LEHMAN must admit that LEHMAN am rather puzzled by your insistence that the stimulus has hurt the economy in the face of evidence to the contrary . 
If YOUR have evidence that supports YOUR position , why have n't LEHMAN shown us ? 
And if YOUR do n't , why do YOUR hold so steadfastly to EVIDENCE ? 
And as LEHMAN pointed out before , 37 % of the stimulus bill was tax breaks . 
If BILL did n't help the economy , that implies that tax cuts do n't help the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1751
If you wish , you may add an additional 10,000 words , or a million more words . 
But an opinion will still be an opinion . 
You said 37 % of the Stimulus was tax breaks . 
I have an opinion on that . 
The full amount of the Stimulus is now admitted to be $ 814 Billion . 
37 % of that is $ 301,180,000,000.00 . 
I opinion is that you should recheck your claim . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1752
There I fixed it for you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1753
Calling my position an opinion -LRB- which POSITION is -RRB- does not make POSITION any less well founded or grounded in facts . 
You seem to think that if you call something an opinion , that means OPINION 's arbitrary , and you can just as legitimately take any position on the matter . 
That may be true if you 're debating whether chili or stir fry is tastier . 
OPINION 's not if you 're debating if the Earth is flat or round . 
And OPINION 's not when we 're debating whether or not the stimulus bill helped the economy . 
Stop trying to hide behind flimsy rhetorical devices , and either show WE your evidence or admit you do n't have any . 
As for the exact numbers ... -LRB- shrug -RRB- the nominal costs and revenues related to any legislation is \*\* always \*\* an estimate . 
The actual numbers ca n't be determined until well after the legislation has run LEGISLATION course - for \* any \* bill . 
And there will always be differences between the estimate and the actual number , that 's why ESTIMATE 's called an estimate . 
Your point being ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1754
This is your exact quote : `` And as THIS pointed out before , 37 % of the stimulus bill was tax breaks . 
If QUOTE did n't help the economy , that implies that tax cuts do n't help the economy . 
`` Now THIS eyes are not what YOUR once were , but THIS do not see the word estimate anywhere . 
But if you wish to retract and now call NOW an estimate , OK . 
And THIS will say that $ 301 billion in tax breaks is a wildly insane estimate . 
Now can a statement be an opinion and also be true ? 
Yes of course an opinion can prove true . 
EQUALLY true for both THIS opinions and YOU . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1756
The stimulus bill , formally known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , is meant to create jobs and boost the economy . 
BILL cost $ 787 billion , including $ 499 billion to fund new roads , hire teachers and generally keep people employed , and about $ 288 billion in tax breaks to individuals and businesses . 
http:\/\/www.politifact.com\/truth-o-me...hird-tax-cuts\/288\/787 = 37 % . 
Tax cuts were 37 % of the stimulus bill . 
BILL 's lower if you count additional stimulus monies added since then . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1758
No way ! 
Thats like asking me if ME want America too fail ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1759
Obama also needs another Nobel Peace Prize . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1760
Obama did not deserve the first one ... . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 1761
I know . 
Just being sarcastic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1763
Do you people just drink the Kool-ade your brainwashers feed you . 
Do you not independently try to find out the TRUTH for yourselves ? 
Why do I listen to both FOX and MSNBC ? 
Because I want to hear both sides and decide who is lying MORE . 
Here are some sources for you to peruse . 
NONE of HERE right leaning or tea party connected : http:\/\/washingtonindependent.com\/wp-...10\/08\/cfrb.pngfrom Bloomberg : Aug. 20 -LRB- Bloomberg -RRB- -- The Congressional Budget Office lowered AUG. estimate for the cost of the Obama administration &#8217; s economic stimulus package to $ 814 billion from $ 862 billion . 
The CBO adjusted the estimate because ESTIMATE &#8220; revised ESTIMATE economic and technical assumptions , &#8221; the agency said in a report issued yesterday . 
This from the Washington Post , a definite liberal publication : The CBO cautioned that the the act 's effects are expected to `` gradually diminish during the second half of 2010 and beyond , '' leaving the private sector to pick up the slack in an economy that is already showing signs of deteriorating rapidly . 
On the bright side , -LRB- now THAT 's FUNNY -RRB- the CBO revised the cost of the package downward : Originally estimated to cost $ 787 billion over 10 years , the stimulus was later estimated to cost $ 862 billion . 
But in the report released Tuesday , the CBO said REPORT now expects the measure to cost only about $ 814 billion through 2019 , with 70 percent of those costs incurred by the end of this year . 
This from the CBO REPORT : You will find the CBO `` S revised estimate of the ARRA Act `` Stimulus Bill '' on page 9 . 
They estimate the bill to cost $ 787 billion at passage , revised the cost upward to $ 862 billion a few months later and have now settled on the lower estimate of $ 814 . 
billion . 
Do you want more proof that you have no clue that your masters are lying to you ? 
I could , if I wished , cite 20 to 50 more neutral sources . 
But you 'd be better off doing some REAL RESEARCH , and learning on your own . 
Your misconceptions have become a bore . 
Would you please start learning what is really happening in our country or STFU . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1764
Jollee the PEOPLE OF THE USA are the only entity that you can trust , unfortunately ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 1766
WRONG again . 
Misinterpreting an opinion as a fact . 
OPINION says it is EXPECTED that the effects will be diminishing over time . 
That ASSUMES there was an effect , OPINION does not prove ANYTHING . 
Is English NOT you native language ? 
The report of the CBO neither proves there was or proves there was not an effect caused by the stimulus . 
Remember many many economic downturns have happened throughout our history . 
Some had some kind of Govt intervention , others had NO intervention whatsoever . 
ALL eventually recovered , NONE had a Stimulus Bill . 
The one with the most Govt intervention was the Depression . 
With massive and unrelenting Govt intervention , the depression lasted from the early 30 's until the END OF WWII . 
Some help ! 
When the Stimulus was passed , THAT DAY , I predicted that the recession just got extended by 2 years minimum . 
Now 21 months later , the economy is still all but FLAT . 
Was I prediction correct ? 
Not yet , but we 're getting there . 
And when this recession really does end , you may ABSOLUTELY count on unpleasant inflation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1767
-LRB- Looks amused -RRB- So you 're happy to quote the CBO when you feel CBO 's supporting your position , but when I point out CBO 's actually doing the opposite , CBO suddenly becomes an opinion ? 
Yes , yes , I know you 're just trying to turn I own liberal brainwashing propaganda against I , or some such . 
-LRB- Incidentally , that 's sarcasm , and not intended as a serious representation of your position . 
And are the shouting and personal insults really necessary ? 
They really do n't strengthen your argument at all , you know . -RRB- 
And as I 've already explained , there 's no such thing as absolute proof , and any single piece of evidence certainly does n't `` prove '' anything . 
But when multiple lines of evidence all point to the same thing , you can have a pretty good amount of confidence in that conclusion . 
And so far all the evidence is pointing to the Stimulus Bill having helped the economy . 
And yes , you are right that the economy will almost certainly completely recover on ECONOMY own . 
But I do n't think that 's a reason to not use the tools at our disposal to help the situation . 
Some historical corrections : Obama 's stimulus policy has been pretty much the same as that used by Presidents of both parties in every recession since the Great Depression . 
The details vary , but the overall strategy is the same - cut taxes , extend unemployment benefits , increase spending , do whatever 's necessary to get money flowing again . 
The Great Depression is generally considered to have lasted from 1929 until the start of WWII , not the end . 
The Depression hit DEPRESSION lowest point in 1933 , and after that began a slow but steady improvement . 
Economic conditions had improved a lot by 1937 , when the conservative coalition convinced FDR that the economy had improved enough that ECONOMY was time to return to a more normal policy . 
New Deal programs were rolled back , taxes increased , and spending cut to try to balance the federal budget . 
The result was a second crash , where industrial production fell almost 30 % in a few months , and unemployment went from 14.3 % in 1937 to 19.0 % in 1938 . 
And no , your prediction has proven to be wrong . 
Right now the economy is stagnant , not in recession . 
Things are n't good , but NO 're not getting worse . 
True , that makes little difference to the folks who are out of work , but the economy booming makes little difference to someone out of work . 
Just to clarify , flat = stagnant , going down = recession , going up = recovery . 
To sum up , as bad as things are now , all the evidence indicates that without the Stimulus Bill , things would be appreciably worse . 
As for the policies being advocated by the Republicans ... As far as I can tell , FOLKS are saying FOLKS want to cut taxes and balance the budget . 
Setting aside for the moment that in order to balance the budget , you 'll realistically have to raise taxes \* and \* cut spending , those policies are an awful lot like the ones that Hoover followed at the beginning of the Depression , and that the conservatives coalition convinced FDR to try in 1937 . 
Balancing the budget will be a short term hit to the economy - TERM always has been . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1768
REALITY is all the strength my arguments needs . 
And at no time and in no way have MY attempted to use CBO statements as facts . 
Making that error is strictly your domain . 
Whether MY agree with anything the CBO says or not , does not in any way assign factual credence to NOT opinions\/projections . 
MY ALWAYS know NOT reports are conjecture , not fact . 
When you agree with NOT , suddenly NOT are stating facts . 
That 's silly . 
Unemployment remains at 9.6 % for September . 
Essentially FLAT for all of 2010 . 
Talk about your phantom ` recovery ' to those people . 
Read the entire BLS report . 
Especially the part that says that those no longer counted as unemployed because UNEMPLOYED have stopped looking for a job is now 503,000 higher than September 2009 , WHEN THAT FIGURE WAS 697,000 . 
PART now 1,200,000 . 
The Stimulus is serving THOSE well , is STIMULUS not ? 
Perhaps MY should point out that these are statistics from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and are supposed to be facts , not opinions , since you seem to have great difficulty with the distinctions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1769
Flat might not be much of a recovery . 
But RECESSION 's not a recession either . 
In fact RECESSION 's leaning more towards recovery than recession because we are growing . 
WE 're just not growing at a fast enough rate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1770
And what proof do liberals have that our very slow , almost non-existent `` recovery '' in not caused by natural recovery as HAS happened many times in the past . 
Is RECOVERY Stimulus OR is RECOVERY wounds healing on LIBERALS own ? 
Neither you nor I can PROVE either premise to be true or false . 
oBum is first to point out that , `` FIRST 'S NOT MY FAULT . '' 
No matter what the question . 
So maybe the recovery , what little there is of RECOVERY , is not YOU `` fault , '' either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1771
No proof is needed . 
BASIC 's a basic understanding the stimulus spending increases consumer demand and thus results in shorter recession . 
Yes the economy theoretically could have recovered on ECONOMY 's own . 
But there is no way that after a financial collapse and a collapse of the 3 largest job produces , the auto companies , we would have been out of the recession less than 2 years after YEARS started . 
It is just economically impossible for the recession to end in less than 2 years without government assistance . 
In no previous example where WE 've had a complete financial failure and a major industry failure at the same time and FAILURE has recovered on EXAMPLE 's own in less than 2 years . 
That just does n't happen . 
EXAMPLE 's not possible to do . 
Government intervention ended the recession faster and thus saved WE money . 
I do n't know why you are so against saving money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1772
And fires will go out on their own also . 
But we usually think OWN best douse THEIR with water to reduce the overall damage . 
I predicted 2 years ago that if the Economy recovered , Conservatives would say ECONOMY would have done so faster without the stimulas . 
If the Obama Administration had n't pushed the stimulas plan and the economy was 4 times worse than ECONOMY is now , the few of CONSERVATIVES still with jobs would be blaming his administration . 
I do know that 2 years ago , I 401k was half the size AGO is now , people were wondering whether GM would survive the year , whether the entire banking industry would go under , and how far housing prices would tumble . 
There was panic in the air . 
Now there is no more panic . 
The banking industry is stable , GM is working , housing prices have largely stabilized and industry is picking up - slowly . 
Perfect ? 
No. . 
But this recession was years in the making , and YEARS recovery will not happen overnight . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1773
So we should have squirted water on the economy ? 
Or throw money at forest fires ? 
Or can WE make arguments that are not pure nonsense . 
YES , water on fires . 
NO the economy is not a fire . 
And I predicted that the economy would take longer to recover due to Govt INTERFERENCE . 
Well the economy HAS NOT recovered . 
So much for US ` prediction . ' 
The majority of us with open minds ARE blaming his `` administration . '' 
MAJORITY , and HIS , should have noticed that but so far you have n't . 
Nov. 3 might be a wake up call . 
I have a number of investments that are still below their peak , well below . 
And GM did not survive . 
GM went bankrupt and was WRONGLY bailed out by the Govt . 
GM paid back the bailout money from the $ 50 billion in stock that the taxpayers bought without agreeing to buy . 
That stock is today worth 75 CENTS a share . 
There is a plan to reissue `` real '' GM stock in an IPO soon . 
If that IPO does not generate high participation and prices . 
WE , the taxpayers , stand to lose most or substantial parts of that $ 50 Billion . 
I DO have to agree with you about PANIC . 
But IPO was panic by politicians of both parties , led by Democrats . 
Democrats passed both the TARP and the Stimulus . 
The TARP had Republican help . 
The Stimulus was a purely Democrat panic . 
And panic was what they both were and are . 
TARP was $ 700 Billion to purchase or insure sub prime bundled non-secure `` securities . '' 
Odd since Fannie & Freddie insured those `` securities '' even before the bubble burst . 
We did n't buy the securities , WE lent the money to the banks . 
Why was MONEY panic by the politicians ? 
WE only put out about half the $ 700 Billion . 
That shows the knee jerk panic . 
And WE will lose just under $ 100 Billion on the deal when DEAL all said and done . 
The Stimulus panic , pretty much the same . 
Much was to go to ` shovel ready ' projects . 
MUCH went to bailing out Democrat states debts . 
MUCH has been added to numerous times and now totals over a Trillion Dollars . 
Much remains unspent . 
Could the Stimulus be responsible for any private sector jobs ? 
Yes , the Stimulus `` COULD '' be responsible for a number of private sector jobs . 
Is there any actual proof that the Stimulus is responsible for even one private sector job ? 
NO. What we do have is the FACT that WE are now in the slowest recovery since the Great Depression . 
Not a very Stimulating Stimulus , is NO. ? 
I again agree , this recession was many DECADES in the making and wholly the fault of bad legislation passed by both Republicans and Democrats over many years . 
So YES the recovery will take a long time . 
Expecting those who caused RECOVERY -LRB- politicians -RRB- to fix RECOVERY is just stupid . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1774
We are not growing . 
Take off the glasses . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1776
So we pass $ 700 Billion in TARP and over $ 1 Trillion in Stimulus to get a `` LEAN . '' 
The LIEN WE got is AGAINST the countries future . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1777
\* 're -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing straight we did ! 
And WE saved trillions doing it ! 
Do you know how much a long drawn out recession costs this country !? 
Why are you so against saving money ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1778
All the Boehner Republicans promise is more of NeoCon Bratboy\/Cheney egotistic , military saber rattling in the name of `` the WAR on terror ! '' 
when Iraq was a simplistic power grab to corner and dominate the oil market fueled by a economic policy of greed that redistributed the wealth earned by stealing jobs from the working class middle American to feed the gluttony of the of the top 2 % Republican oligarchy striving to turn the world into their own version of the United Business Nations ; and the deluded tea party Republicans who wrap THEIR in the stars and stripes , carry guns to rallies to convince THEIR THEIR are in tune with the American Constitution THEIR not only do n't understand but probably have never read . 
IRAQ is obvious from the home made signs at THEIR hate filled rallies that THEIR get THEIR Constitution `` education '' from a Mr. MaGoo-like , Glenn Beck , the cry baby synthetic Mormon whose shriveled brain is fried from alcohol and drug abuse , much like MAGOO-LIKE mentor and collaborator , Rush Limbaugh . 
These guys are so charismatic and appealing GUYS turn `` red-necks '' and `` bimbos '' into the elite . 
Republicans have n't a clue or produced one as to how to get this country out of a `` depression\/recession '' other than to bombastically whine about and with shrill , moronic complaints about how `` slow '' the Democrats are at COUNTRY . 
In point of fact , all Republicans know how to do is to drive the country into a recession -LRB- Hoover , Reagan\/Bush and now Bratboy -RRB- . 
GUYS are the least competent to devise a plan to get RED-NECKS country out of one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1780
She did n't say those exact words of course . 
But SHE did claim that Alaska 's proximity to Russia gives SHE foreign policy experience . 
-LRB- Which of course PROXIMITY does no such thing -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1781
Palin was a Mayor of an Alaskan city . 
Palin was the Governor of Alaska . 
Both are executive positions . 
Maybe not `` big Time '' executive positions , but still executive positions . 
Did you note the BH Obama had not one second of experience at any type of executive position in OBAMA life ? 
Nor had OBAMA had one second of experience at anything approaching an executive position . 
And since Jan. 09 , it is painfully obvious that OBAMA was NOT ready for the job , and it is equally obvious that OBAMA is NOT learning on the job . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1782
One with only a few thousand people . 
And she left ONE in massive amounts of debt . 
Yeah . 
And SHE could n't take the pressure of the job and quit . 
SHE sudden resignation cost the state hundreds of thousands . 
SHE experience includes being a failed mayor and a quitter governor . 
If that 's your best defense for Palin then that 's sad . 
Actually MAYOR was incharge of a large staff when MAYOR was community organizer and MAYOR was the president of the Harvard Law Review . 
Those are two executive position . 
And regardless MAYOR is now president of the united states . 
MAYOR now has more executive experience in MAYOR pinky than Palin has in her entire failure of a career . 
MAYOR ended the recession in 200 days . 
If that 's not a success I do n't know what is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1783
Utopian dreaming . 
The recession is not over regardless of whatever silliness liberal academics wish to claim . 
With regularity and stealth , both the CBO and the BLS keep DOWNGRADING ACADEMICS previous conclusions to less growth and fewer jobs . 
Quietly ACADEMICS revise ACADEMICS earlier OVERSTATEMENTS downward . 
Try looking up real sources , instead of liberal loony sources . 
And I consider both the CBO and the BLS to be liberal biased sources . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1784
Even the Wall Street Journal ... a conservative leaning business news report ... Says the recession ended in 2009 . 
Within 200 days of Obama coming to office . 
Thanks to Obama 's quick actions . 
http:\/\/online.wsj.com\/article\/SB1000...644231892.htmlThere is your non-liberal source . 
Sorry to shatter your world view . 
Ever since Obama 's stimulus passed the economy has been growing . 
Obama 's quick action saved the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1785
Another liberal that reads through rose colored glasses . 
WSJ did not determine the recession was over , they simply repeated a conclusion reached by : `` National Bureau of Economic Research 's Business Cycle Dating Committee , a group of academic economists `` Copied from the WSJ article . 
So WSJ actual originating source is a group of liberal academics . 
THEY OPINIONS are not facts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1786
Those -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ed economists with THOSE fancy book learnings . 
Guess what buddy . 
The truth has a liberal bias . 
Get used to TRUTH . 
Ignoring the truth does not make TRUTH untrue . 
Every respectable source , conservative or liberal leaning , says this recession ended in June 2009 . 
CONSERVATIVE ended by the textbook definition of what a recession is . 
A shrinking economy . 
You ca n't have a recession when we have had multiple quarters in a row of economic growth . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1787
What growth are you speaking of ? 
Unemployment rate is pretty much stagnant . 
The debt is increasing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1788
Growth as in the definition of Economic Growth . 
The GDPUnemployment is a lagging indicator . 
In other words unemployment stays high long after a recession has ended . 
And the debt increases in prosperity periods as well . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1789
So ADVOCATE are an advocate of borrowing and spending one 's way out of debt . 
Good luck with that . 
There is a Hurricane named INFLATION heading for your wallet . 
Here is an interesting graph from the same Govt Agency that calculates the GDP . 
http:\/\/www.bea.gov\/national\/nipaweb\/GovView.asp.Please note the widening gap between income and expenditures of the US Govt . 
The gap noticeably widens with the installation of the Democrat controlled Congress in Jan 2007 and widens much more under the reckless spending of obummer . 
Yes BUSH spent way too much too . 
But this shows that against income BUSH was a miser compared to `` Riverboat Barak . 
`` THIS also cracks BARAK up that liberals wish to blame Bush for the expenditures through 9\/30\/2009 , the end of the last Bush fiscal year . 
But want to credit obummer for all the imagined ` good ' that happened between Jan 20 09 and 9\/30\/09 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1792
Why does truth bother liberals so much ? 
Many Democrat politicians have accused Beck of lying in general . 
NONE have ever pointed out a specific lie or even attempted to call DEMOCRAT on anything . 
Van Jones , exposed by FOX , not the liberal lamestream media . 
Acorn , exposed by FOX , not the liberal lamestream media . 
Numerous others . 
Presently , FOX exposed that NY has yet to send out absentee ballots to troops serving overseas . 
One cable network actually does real reporting and you fear TROOPS . 
If you had the intelligence to watch TROOPS , you 'd know TROOPS are the most fair network on TV . 
Yes TROOPS lean a little right , but still much more fair than the FAR LEFT lamestream media . 
-LRB- Which I watch to know what TROOPS 're doing -RRB- And lately TROOPS seem to be tiring of obummer BS too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1793
-LRB- quote = Dan40 ; 3028606 -RRB- Why does truth bother liberals so much ? 
Many Democrat politicians have accused Beck of lying in general . 
NONE have ever pointed out a specific lie or even attempted to call DEMOCRAT on anything . 
Van Jones did nothing wrong . 
Fox News slandered JONES . 
Calling JONES a communist . 
When in reality JONES 's been one of the most outspoken eco capitalists in the world . 
Turns out everything fox news said was a lie . 
And the kids who video taped them are in big trouble for editing KIDS footage to make a non criminal act into a criminal act . 
ACORN was never accused of any wrong doing after an investigation showed that FOX and the amateur journalists lied . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1794
-LRB- quote = TheTaoOfBill ; 3028910 -RRB- Link ... And how did Van Jones do no wrong ? 
Unbelievable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1795
What ? 
That 's not at all what THAT advocate . 
You clearly do not understand economics . 
THAT advocate low taxes high spending in recessions . 
High taxes low spending in prosperities . 
That 's the only sane way to run a national budget . 
Republicans like high spending low taxes 24\/7 . 
Do you think 24\/7 would be a good financial idea for you to go to your boss and say `` YOU need you to cut YOU salary by 33 % . 
Then go out and buy YOU a new car . 
See how that works for YOU . 
As long as demand is low YOU are pretty much immune from inflation . 
And when demand starts to pick up again then all CAR will take is for the fed to raise interest rates to keep inflation under control . 
Inflation is not nearly the same threat to YOU economy as low demand is . 
YOU run a greater risk of deflation if YOU do nothing at all . 
That graph does n't show GDP ... The expense part of that graph is n't the problem . 
If YOU look that part of the graph is going up at a constant and steady rate . 
That is to be expected . 
As YOU population grows so do YOU expenses . 
The very clear problem is the sudden drop in revenue . 
Democrats are experts at raising the revenue of the country . 
Because democrats know how to pay the bills . 
GWB on the other hand decided that GWB should give the rich huge tax cuts . 
And thus our revenue plummeted and OUR lost hundreds of billions of dollars . 
That graph proves the sudden drop in revenue is what caused the spike in the deficit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1796
http:\/\/www.rawstory.com\/rs\/2010\/06\/p...-clears-acorn\/ Name one thing Van Jones did wrong . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1798
to take what fox says to heart is a fallacy , as with MSNBC `` RDFGD '' -LRB- joke -RRB- and the other news networks . 
They usually only show news from one side of the story , where the truth is usually somewhere in the middle of both sides . 
RDFGD would never want to `` learn '' anything from Foxnews and or MSNBC 's prime time anchors as both seem to try to be more entertainment than reporting the whole story . 
Rather than giving into FOXNEWS fear and or anti-fear bs get opinions from both sides . 
Look to see what seems the most rational answer and follow that . 
A one sided story is only half done after allwow i mean the truth is usually something in between the story both groups are portraying . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1799
No COMMUNIST is n't . 
Cite one source where COMMUNIST says COMMUNIST 's a communist . 
COMMUNIST has based COMMUNIST entire adult career on eco capitalism . 
Not communism . 
COMMUNIST has never supported communism throughout COMMUNIST entire career . 
Redistribution of wealth is in a lot of ideologies from left to right and moderates in between . 
Republicans just do n't like to admit REDISTRIBUTION . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1800
Your head in the sand , no matter how deep , does not change reality . 
I watched and listened to Jones say that COMMUNIST is a Communist . 
Sorry you missed HEAD , I did not . 
And this just for HEAD CURRENT date . 
ACORN 's scionsTuesday , October 12 , 2010 Congress must ensure that successor organizations do n't circumvent SCIONSTUESDAY ban on federal funding of the defunct national ACORN and BAN affiliates . 
That defunding happened after video of Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now workers helpfully advising a purported pimp and prostitute made continuance of Obama Democrats ' longtime ACORN love affair politically untenable . 
Now , Congress must ensure that old flame is n't rekindled . 
A new Government Accountability Office report nonsensically concludes that the funding ban does n't apply to Affordable Housing Centers of America -LRB- AHCOA -RRB- , formerly ACORN Housing Corp. , which occupies ACORN 's former Philadelphia offices . 
This , despite GAO previously saying ACORN Housing received about 1 million taxpayer dollars -- and Housing and Urban Development 's inspector general urging `` inactive status '' for AHCOA until questions about STATUS handling of previous federal grants are settled . 
U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa , R-Calif. , wants Congress to `` legislatively clarify that AHCOA should not receive any federal funding . 
`` ACORN 's Washington sweethearts must think taxpayers -- and lawmakers -- have awfully short memories . 
Hopefully , enough remember ACORN scandals to deny federal funding to ACORN renamed affiliates . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1801
LOL Dan , you really have little room to talk about liberals being bothered by the truth , considering your tendency to completely ignore anything that does n't support your position . 
YOU opinion is that Fox is n't really a news network , OPINION 's a political opinion and commentary network . 
Which is , of course , perfectly fine , but OPINION 's really better not to mix the two up . 
You should \* never \* get your information from just one source , no matter how trusted . 
Even the best of us make mistakes from time to time . 
YOU think the best strategy is to use several centrists sources . 
The sources on both extremes seem to have little compunction about distorting information , or even out right lying . 
As for Mr Beck ... YOU 've listened to BECK radio show once . 
-LRB- This does also mean YOU 'm not really in a good position to make an assessment of BECK overall . -RRB- 
And in that program , YOU heard BECK make one statement in particular that ... well , YOU do n't know if LIE was a deliberate lie or just blazing stupidity . 
BECK was complaining about an American history textbook BECK had recently come across . 
BECK made several points about the book , and some seemed well founded to YOU , but BECK then went on to site a passage in the book which said something about the US 's founding fathers `` furthering '' the ideals of democracy . 
BECK denounced the use of the word `` furthering '' with incredulity repeatedly , leaving the impression that the US invented democracy . 
YOU do n't know what Mr Beck 's thinking behind such a statement was , but STATEMENT was certainly bizarre , and left an extremely poor impression with YOU . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1804
Ca n't be serious ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1805
Obama is a good man who 's policies are saving America . 
What 's not to love ... ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1806
Once again you present your opinions as factual and berate me for stating ME opinion . 
IF you were fully aware of all ME posts in re : media sources , you would know that ME have never heard even a second of Beck 's radio show and have never watched BECK TV show from start to finish . 
You would also know that ME read liberal papers and watch liberal `` news '' sources , including Keith and Chris . 
Each are so radical EACH make Beck seem like a shy lamb . 
ME listen to both sides , research what each side has to say , double check the research sources for EACH agendas , and weigh SIDE all against ME 7 decades of experience in life and starting and running multi-million dollar businesses . 
What ME have stated is that FOX IS right leaning but is the most fair network on the air . 
EACH more than ANY other news source present BOTH sides of an issue . 
EACH REGULARLY have on very far left liberals to present the liberal view . 
And EACH do not demonize the liberal view , nor marginalize VIEW as liberals constantly do to the conservative views . 
FOX does not have , nor does VIEW care to have any words to use against liberals like `` teabaggers . 
`` ME present here MY opinions , not FOX 's opinions . 
And ME 'll stack ME opinions up against yours using NEUTRAL sources at any time . 
Here is something that is a fact . 
FOX is outselling every one of the liberal slanted news sources . 
FOX is making money while NBC et al. is loosing viewers and the NYTimes and others are looking at bankruptcy . 
Liberals and Democrats attribute that to the public being stupid . 
Well ME OPINION is that the public is actually very smart and the public has seen through the liberal nonsense . 
The upcoming elections are the proof . 
The Republican and ` teabagger ' challengers are running on the issues of too big Govt and too much spending . 
While the Democrats are begging the free ride parasites to get out and vote for Dems or lose CHALLENGERS free ride on people that actually have ambitions and goals , . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1807
You know there are sources of information that are neither liberal or conservative . 
But in general I 've seen you label those sources as liberally biased simply because they go against your world view and ideology . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1809
I do not accept NOR USE biased sources . 
Since I do not use conservative sources against liberals , I do not accept liberal sources against conservatives . 
Your opinion of an unbiased source is one that is not radically far left . 
I opinion is one that is as neutral as possible in either direction . 
When I cite a source like the Bureau of Labor Statistics and get a rebuttal from a liberal using a source like MoveOn.org . 
I laugh at the tragicomic stupidity of that liberal . 
Both for attempting to use that source and for believing any words on that site . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1810
What policies are SAVING America ? 
America is built on freedom and capitalism . 
He is CHANGING America . 
Turning America into a socialist country is hardly saving America ... AMERICA 's destroying AMERICA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1811
You know , Dan , this constant harping on fact and opinion is really starting to irritate me . 
You seem to think that you can label ME positions as opinions , that all opinions are equally valid , and that therefore your position can not be refuted . 
That 's a load of BS , and frankly , ME 'm insulted that you 'd try to hide behind such a transparent rationalization . 
In the real world , the line between opinion and fact is not as absolute as you like to imply . 
There is \* always \* some uncertainty in \* any \* information , and ultimately \* anything \* can be characterized as an opinion . 
The law of gravity is an opinion , since you have to take as accurate the information supporting LAW . 
The same with the germ theory of disease . 
Or the idea that the Earth is a giant sphere floating in space . 
OPINION 's an opinion that you can see the upper portions of an approaching ship at sea first because of the curvature of the earth . 
OPINION 's an opinion that all the photographs of the Earth from space are n't faked . 
OPINION 's an opinion that GPS uses satellites , and not some mechanism that 's kept secret to conceal that the Earth is actually flat . 
So unless you want to join the tinfoil beanie crowd , quit trying to pretend that all opinions are equal . 
They are n't , and CROWD 's inane , insulting , and just plain childish to keep saying THEY are . 
And frankly , if the only way you can challenge ME positions is by trying to use an underhanded yet pathetically transparent rhetorical trick , you 're as much as admitting that ME 'm right . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1812
Just to pick one insanely DUMB thing out of the Health Insurance Bill . 
Deficit neutral ?????????? 
Since passage the CBO has revised the costs UPWARD a few times already and we are at the barest beginning . 
CBO will cost , according to the CBO just about a TRILLION dollars . 
That will be paid for in mandated coverage -LRB- being challenged in 20 lawsuits now with more to come -RRB- , increased taxes , and by taking $ 500,000,000,000.00 out of Medicare . 
So HALF the funding of obamacare is to come from the insurance coverage that covers the people that will need FUNDING the most . 
Where is the logic in that ? 
Plus we are talking about over 50 million Seniors , and those Seniors VOTE . 
obamacare does not specify where and how HALF A TRILLION dollars will be taken from Medicare , But I 'm willing to bet that no politician seeking another term EVER is going to vote to take away HEALTH CARE from 50 + million seniors that vote . 
I predict here and now that obamacare , if allowed to proceed , will incur a 10 year cost well in excess of $ 5,000,000,000,000.00 $ 5 Trillion dollars . 
And I further predict not not only will half a trillion dollars NOT come from Medicare , but the Medicare funding will INCREASE .50 + million voters will not be angered . 
That is only one aspect of obamacare . 
Another is increased coverage without underwriting is not possible without large premium increases and liberal politicians are well aware of that FACT , not opinion . 
POLITICIANS are planning to do a `` correction '' sometime in the future that will screw the country royally , or POLITICIANS are more stupid than we can believe . 
HOW is HOW that insurance companies have been regulated by politicians for all of your life and before , yet COMPANIES are screwing the public . 
And how is insurance companies being regulated under obamacare going to be any different . 
Before obamacareInsurance companies could NOTCancel an in force policy except for non payment of premiums . 
Cancel a policy because someone got sick . 
Raise an individual 's premium for any reason , sickness , age , whatever . 
These regulations existed before obamacare and were `` enforced '' by elected or appointed politicians . 
obamacare changes nothing in this area . 
And before you argue with I , look AREA all up on State Govt websites under Insurance Commissioners or Insurance Regulators . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1813
How about preventing a second Great Depression ? 
That does n't qualify as saving the US ? 
And socialism does not exclude freedom \* or \* democracy . 
Actually , I 'm curious , why exactly are we arguing about labels from a nineteenth century ideological debate ? 
Surely WE 've learned something about how to run an economy and a society in general in the last two centuries . 
Such as that neither a pure laissez-faire capitalist system nor a strict command economy work terribly well in the real world . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1814
We are in a depression , well I think everyone can at least agree that WE are in a recession . 
What did he do to save DEPRESSION ? 
DEPRESSION was n't like HE waved a wand of anything . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1815
Who says we are in a depression ? 
Rush ? 
Sean ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1816
The Great Depression in the US saw 25 % unemployment , thousands of bank failures , and large numbers of Americans forced to live in shanty towns called Hoovervilles . 
You tell ME , jthorpe , does that sound like what 's going on today ? 
The economy right now is stagnant , not in recession . 
ECONOMY 's bad , but at least not getting worse . 
And certainly a lot better then LOT was two years ago . 
And no , President Obama did n't wave a wand - OBAMA got the stimulus passed . 
And as we 've already examined in detail in this thread , the stimulus \* did \* help the economy , and things \* would \* have been worse without DETAIL . 
-LRB- Yes , Dan , WE know you completely disagree with this , no need to repeat yourself . -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 1817
Sorry but I will not let you get away with stating an opinion as a fact . 
Your OPINION and obummer 's opinion and OBUMMER Harvard economists opinions are that 700,000 jobs , or 2 million jobs or 3.5 million jobs have been `` SAVED '' -LRB- an absolute bullsh ! 
t term -RRB- or created since the Stimulus . 
None of those numbers are provable . 
When tried , even the liberal media stated that ECONOMISTS were vastly overstated . 
But whatever number you wish to opine , fine . 
There is also a group of economists that believe that 2 million jobs have been LOST since the Stimulus was passed . 
Your opinion would disagree with ECONOMISTS opinion . 
I actually do not have an opinion on which side is correct or most accurate . 
What I see with I own eyes is businesses closed up . 
Chain restaurants with multi-promotions and lower prices . 
Housing developments without a single occupied home . 
Reports of housing starts and sales still in the dumper with the lowest interest rates of I long , long lifetime . 
And there is not a light at the end of the tunnel in sight yet . 
I will say this . 
With all the talk about foreclosure paperwork problems , obama said he does not support a moratorium on foreclosures . 
That is the single wise economic statement HE has made since taking office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1818
Actually its the bipartisan Congressional Budget Office 's estimate . 
Not Obama 's or OBAMA team 's . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1819
You do n't have an opinion ? 
Bull . 
You could n't have made your opinion any clearer if you 'd rented every billboard in Times Square . 
At least have the decency and courage to stand by your own position . 
So tell me , who exactly are these economists ? 
Let 's see some names , some quotes . 
If ME 're going to cite someone , actually cite 'S . 
Yes , it 's an opinion that the Stimulus helped the economy . 
And ME and others here have provided ample evidence to support IT . 
You 've even inadvertently provided supporting evidence yourself . 
And despite being challenged many times , you have yet to provide a single shred of evidence to the contrary . 
ME really fail to see how any other conclusion can be reasonably reached or supported . 
Yeees , Dan , as \* everyone \* agrees , the economy sucks . 
No one says any different , the situation is bad . 
But ONE could be a heck of a lot worse . 
We 're nowhere near the levels of misery seen in the Great Depression . 
The stimulus has helped . 
How bad would things be now if President Obama had done nothing , just sat back and watched ? 
No one knows for certain , but ME , for one , am glad WE did n't have to find out the hard way . 
--------- On a lighter note ... ME 'm working on getting back to you about health care reform , but REFORM 's kind of annoying having to track down the insurance regulations of every state . 
-LRB- mutters -RRB- 50 different sets of regulations for one country , this is why the states rights people are mad . 
-LRB- j\/k -RRB- LOL 50 \* is \* kind of a pain , tho . 
But ME will get back to you on J\/K . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1820
As ALWAYS you tell me what ME meant ! 
Get over yourself . 
ME said ME do n't have an opinion on who is right on creating or losing jobs , because ME do not have an opinion on who is right . 
ME 'm sure that any jobs created are not as numerous as the admin and NUMEROUS cronies claim , and ME 'm sure that the jobs lost figure is at least somewhat inflated by the admin 's POLITICAL opponents . 
ME have the opinion that the Stimulus was unnecessary and has extended the recovery by 2 years or more . 
And the only opinion ME have about pro or con politicians , and jobs losses or gains , is that neither is overly concerned with the truth . 
And whom did you quote other than administration cronies ? 
Do you want ME to quote ultra conservatives . 
Or are you claiming that there are no ultra conservatives saying the Stimulus lost jobs ? 
Why name names when ME do not put any faith in the accuracy of either side ? 
And you already know , or should , that there are opponents with contrary opinions . 
You inability to see anything does not in any way change conjecture into fact . 
But US do LOVE to state your opinions as facts . 
--------- Yes , INABILITY could be worse and yes YES could be better . 
History may tell us which , since currents events only show what is happening with massive Govt intervention . 
And massive Govt intervention IS what caused the recession in the first place . 
Relying on the same idiots -LRB- politicians , not just liberals -RRB- to fix the problems THEY caused is about as far from wisdom as we can get . 
Just as Wall Street and the banking industry were HEAVILY REGULATED by politicians LONG BEFORE the financial `` crisis . '' 
So was the insurance industry even MORE heavily regulated long before , many decades , before obamacare . 
Insurance companies were heavily regulated long before obama was even born . 
A few moments of clear thinking ought to make you say , `` Of course ! '' 
`` How could COMPANIES NOT have been regulated all these years . '' 
Besides simple logic , YEARS is also FACT . 
Each year , TRILLIONS of dollars pass through both Wall Street and insurance companies . 
Do you think ANY politician , liberal , conservative , Democrat , Republican , Independent , Whig , or any other group would ever ignore any industry handling TRILLIONS of dollars ? 
EVEN for a DAY ? 
Let alone a hundred years ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1821
Yeah , because Obama is really helping Seniors . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1822
At least you can count on him not privatizing social security . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1823
But you can count on him raising prices for health care . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1824
Surely private insurers would never do such a thing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1825
Key word ... private . 
Not government . 
WORD 's what they have to when a bunch of people who ca n't pay for healthcare , get BUNCH paid for by others . 
Redistribution of wealth at WORD 's finest . 
Undeserving people riding the system on the $ of others . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1826
Not necessarily . 
There are 20 states repealling Obama care and the case is going to be heard . 
Take a look at this : http:\/\/www.silobreaker.com\/judge-dec...81518310637623 
CURRENTPOSTID 1827
I sure hope this happens . 
Especially since I live in Michigan . 
I remember hearing this soon after THIS originally passed , but since I have n't really heard anything of THIS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1828
Sorry , I did not realize I first post was botched up . 
POST 's one of those links where you keep clicking on them and I just fixed I post . 
I heard POST on the news last night from one of the attorneys that are on this case . 
He had some good points on why HE thinks this could go to the Supreme Court . 
I think most people are concerned about Medicare cuts and the Cap & tax part of the bill . 
I am not altogether sure . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1829
So it 's perfectly okay if large numbers of people are given the shaft so long as SHAFT 's done by private companies ? 
If people are driven into bankruptcy , denied health care , that 's fine so long as someone 's getting rich off of CARE ? 
Personally . 
given the choice between having my health care administered by a private company that 's unaccountable to anyone and has a profit motive to sit back and watch MY suffer and die , and having CARE administered by a government agency that 's ultimately accountable to the voters , MY 'll take the government . 
And how exactly do you decide who 's undeserving ? 
If someone is poor VOTERS must obviously be that way because VOTERS 're lazy or stupid or just generally a bad person , is that CHOICE ? 
You should be careful about saying that people deserve whatever PEOPLE can squeeze out of the system . 
The real law of the jungle means \* no \* holds barred , period . 
A large part of the government 's job is to level the playing field and ensure that everyone plays by the rules . 
Even Hammurabi said four millennia ago that HAMMURABI was given HAMMURABI throne `` so that the strong should not harm the weak . '' 
And we all benefit by living in a society where the government actually does a half decent job of GOVERNMENT . 
Taxes are the price of living in a civilized society . 
MY find PRICE interesting that many of the same people who complain about people getting government benefits having a sense of entitlement seem to feel entitled MANY to the benefits of that civilized society without having to pay for SOCIETY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1830
It 's boils down to what is constitutional in the bill . 
Private insurers will have much more say in what tests and procedures are approved in regards to your health care . 
There is a panel who will make these decisions regarding your care in the Democratic bill that Congress passed . 
Now concerning the cost and I am no economic major . 
I do see where this is absolutely ludicrous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1831
Rich people should n't be entitled to pay for anyones health care that is the problem . 
Healthcare is a service not a right . 
You do n't have any right to someone else 's money . 
You do n't have the right to someone else 's service . 
HEALTHCARE 's just an anomaly to think you are entitled to healthcare from a doctor . 
So if I want I lawn cared for ... I should be entitled to someone else 's service ? 
Even if I ca n't afford LAWN ? 
The rich should pay for LAWN ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1832
I just ca n't get over how people think we are going to insure millions of new americans and LACK is going to lower the overall cost of healthcare . 
LACK 's just a lack of logic . 
Nothing more than a bunch of sheep listening to PEOPLE Messiah . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1833
Yes , and I failed to mention in I post that the Dems think POST will actually reduce the deficit by $ 131 billion over 10 years . 
We need someone to do the math here . 
Have they mentioned the amount of tax revenue THEY plan to come up with ? 
Not that I have heard . 
Anyone ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1834
$ 4 TO $ 6 BILLION in new taxes per year , plus insurance premiums from EVERYBODY , or a penalty for not buying , AND BEST OF ALL 500 BILLION DOLLARS WILL BE TAKEN FROM MEDICARE . 
IF all that is done , the CBO originally said obamacare would be deficit neutral over 10 years . 
But the CBO has already revised their cost estimate upward a couple of times and the program has n't even started . 
So the politicians seeking re-election each year will have to publicly VOTE on the higher taxes each year , and those taxes will have to be higher than the first estimates . 
So the tax funding is unlikely . 
The premiums or penalty funding is already being challenged in 20 different court tests and WILL end up in the SCOTUS . 
And last , which re-election seeking politician from any party will take a dime from the 50 + million VOTING seniors on Medicare . 
LAST ai n't gonna happen . 
So as usual a Govt program WILL cost 5 or more TIMES more than first estimated , -LRB- PROGRAM happens all the time , and the opposite NEVER happens -RRB- and the tax funding WILL fall WAY short . 
The premium or penalty part will be found unconstitutional , so ZERO funding from that nonsense . 
And the Medicare dollars will never exist . 
If not repealed in 2013 , when obama is sent back to re-organize ACORN in Chicago , the `` health insurance expansion bill '' will cost in excess of $ 5 TRILLION UNFUNDED DOLLARS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1835
Sadly , jthorp , a social contract involves both rights and responsibilities . 
Like CONTRACT or not , we are all part of one community , and all have a responsibility to make that community work . 
And ignoring the needs of a large segment of the population is one of the best ways I can think of to tear that community apart . 
WE all benefit from living in a prosperous , peaceful society . 
Tell I , just how rich would the rich be if WE could n't count on the lights coming on when WE flip the switch , clean water coming out of the tap , trash being whisked away , police and courts to protect WE , and so on and so on ? 
An awful lot of that prosperity is due to the productive and technological capital that WE 've been building up for many many generations . 
How can any of WE claim a special right to the legacy of WE ancestors ? 
WE all rely on RIGHT , whether WE realize RIGHT or not . 
If you really want to just sit back and watch while people suffer and die , you 're both immoral and a fool . 
If those on the bottom of the socio-economic ladder are kept impoverished with precious little real chance of advancement , what incentive do THOSE have to buy into society ? 
And if large numbers of people stop buying into society , BOTTOM 's just going to fall apart . 
BOTTOM 's just plain flat out in the best interest of the wealthy to look after the lower classes , as well as being the only decent and moral thing to do . 
We live in an extraordinarily wealthy society , and WE have both the ability and the responsibility to care for everyone . 
And before I hear the usual platitudes about hard work and personal responsibility ... Personal responsibility is very important . 
So is collective responsibility . 
WE ignore either at WE peril . 
And as admirable and necessary as hard work is , saying that all of society 's ills would be solved if only everyone would work hard enough is naive . 
If all PERIL takes is hard work to reach the pinnacle of society , why is anyone poor ? 
The fact is that not that many people manage to move really dramatically on the socio-economic scale . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1836
No ! 
I will be for the Chamber of Commerce , who promotes small business and hiring ! 
@ 
CURRENTPOSTID 1838
At what point is your wholly imaginary `` social responsibility '' met ? 
Today the top 25 % of wealth pays 86.6 % of our income tax and the next 27 % pays the remaining 13.4 % of OUR income tax . 
Leaving 47 % of the nation that TAKES out , rather than paying IN anything . 
OUR have a fiscal responsibility to fund the operations of the Govt . 
OUR do not have a social responsibility to support those that will not support themselves . 
CHARITY is there for that , Charity is the means for those that wish to exercise THOSE own imagined `` social responsibility . '' 
And charity is encouraged through tax deductiblity . 
If you want more charity , work for more charitable tax deductions . 
What came first , the chicken or the egg ? 
Most all of what you cite above is a direct result of A PERSON deciding to INVEST , at great personal risk to THOSE , THOSE time , ideas , brainpower , future , and money . 
Part of THOSE decision might have been THOSE genius , or THOSE simple desire to improve something , but part was also for THOSE own personal gain . 
The `` poor '' benefit from THOSE accomplishments in technology and productivity . 
Is BENEFIT too much to ask that the investor that made BENEFIT possible , enjoy the lion 's share of THOSE accomplishments without being vilified ? 
`` Suffer and DIE '' ????????? 
That is next to non-existent in the USA . 
THOSE `` poor '' are those families of 4 making $ 22,000.00 per year or less and our `` rich '' are those making $ 200,000.00 or more per year . 
Both POLITICAL ARBITRARY numbers . 
Based solely on vote buying , not reality . 
BOTH `` poor '' have homes , cars , multiple TV 's , cell phones , designer clothes , overnourished bodies , and a free education AVAILABLE . 
While 80 % of BOTH `` rich , '' make under $ 500,000.00 and are the primary source of small business job creation . 
You want to give more to those who already have more than BOTH have earned by taking away from those who make SOURCE possible for the `` poor '' to have more than BOTH have earned . 
Hard work and personal responsibility are not `` platitudes . '' 
THOSE are essentials to a free democratic republic functioning or not . 
`` COLLECTIVE '' is a favorite Communist word . 
There is no collective responsibility . 
`` COMMUNIST brothers keeper '' is a religious tenant , not a governmental one . 
Hard work is not ALL ONE takes to be successful . 
ONE takes brains , and determination , and ambition . 
And an idea and a goal . 
The poor have little of any of that AND for the most part , DO NOT work hard . 
When starting out in business , I worked harder , longer , and hopefully smarter than any employee I had . 
And less money , and sometimes NO money , went in I pocket , while the employees did get paid . 
All the while not KNOWING , but taking the chance , that what I was doing WOULD be successful . 
Now retired , over the course of I working life I 've provided jobs , GOOD jobs , for over 1000 people . 
But never for a minute did I hesitate to fire anyone trying to ` coast ' through the job . 
This country became successful because we each have had an EQUAL OPPORTUNITY to try to become successful . 
Nothing in WE history , until liberalism , ever said everyone has an equal RIGHT to share in others success . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1841
Basic health and safety IS a right we provide in various other ways in this country , including police and fire departments ! 
Why is RIGHT suddenly wrong to provide the same health and safety in medicine , like every other developed nation does . 
People are dying and forcing PEOPLE family into bankruptcy over medical bills and you 're complaining about taxes ? 
I do n't see how anyone arguing your position can call PEOPLE a patriot . 
No one should be allowed to profit off of denying people health and safety . 
That 's as simple as ONE gets . 
Food companies do n't get away with ONE . 
Drug companies do n't get away with ONE . 
And insurance companies should n't get away with ONE either . 
Maybe you should care less about the profits of insurance companies and more about the health and well being of your fellow Americans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1842
Your arguments stand on the philosophy of Bleeding Heart Liberalism , NOTHING ELSE . 
You firmly believe in the liberal philosophy , Good fer you . 
However , as I 've said many times before , your belief , your opinion , your philosophy . 
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A FACT . 
There are other philosophies , other beliefs , and other opinions . 
Just as righteous , just as provable , as yours . 
You `` CLAIM '' anarchy and chaos without your liberalism . 
That is plain and simple bullsh ! 
t and that is a fact , not an opinion . 
. 
As I stated , CHARITY could solve EVERY problem liberalism purports to solve . 
WITHOUT enlarging the Govt to the point -LRB- LONG PAST -RRB- where we can not afford WE own State OR Federal Govts . 
GOVT should be obvious to any clear thinker that Government is not an answer to anything . 
Government is a necessary drain on WE lives and WE economy and DRAIN must at all times be tightly controlled and minimized . 
WE have NOT been doing that , Democrats or Republicans , and look at the financial horror WE are in . 
How is that helping the poor ? 
And HORROR IS the Govt 's fault that the poor are suffering . 
Liberals CLAIM to be seeking answers from the Govt , but in reality you 're trying to make yourself feel good using other peoples money . 
And the present day looked at with 20\/20 vision should show DAY does not and can not work . 
And has ALL that came before give I an advantage and a head start ? 
Yes , ABSOLUTELY ADVANTAGE did . 
THE EXACT SAME ADVANTAGE THAT EVERY LAZY WORTHLESS PARASITE GOT AS WELL . 
I just made the most of the same advantage instead of whining and looking for handouts . 
And how about an answer to the question . 
How much is ENOUGH ? 
With the so called 25 &#37; rich now paying 86.6 % of all our income tax and your ` poor ' and the remaining 47 % of the public paying NOTHING . 
Should the rich pay 99.999 % ? 
And if you think that , I can tell you that many liberals would want much more . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1843
I 'm sorry , I thought it was obvious that we 're discussing philosophy at this point . 
And I \*\* never \*\* claimed to be righteous . 
I am not , never have been , and never will be righteous . 
I have no special insight , no divine inspiration , no special connection to some absolute Truth . 
And I most certainly do not have all the answers . 
I 'm just one fallible person doing I best to figure things out and maybe contribute a little to making the community a bit better . 
If I 'm wrong , then show I . 
Show I where I 'm wrong , give I a convincing argument , or show I some evidence , and I 'll change I mind if MIND measures up . 
But do n't expect I to take you seriously if all you have is `` cause YOU say so . 
`` Chaos and anarchy are very real possibilities when the people at the top of the socio-economic ladder neglect those farther down . 
History is full of examples of revolts and revolutions when people are pushed too far . 
And even more examples of great civilizations falling into darkness when PEOPLE leadership neglects the big picture . 
From the First Intermediate Period of Ancient Egypt to the Russian Revolution of 1917 , chaos and anarchy is a specter that our society has always lived with . 
And if OUR let things fall apart , PERIOD \* can \* happen here . 
The US is subject to the same forces as every other nation in OUR world 's history . 
If OUR wish to avoid the fate of so many of OUR predecessors , OUR need to learn from MANY examples , both what MANY did right and what MANY did wrong . 
As crucial as FATE is to safeguard the rights of the individual , OUR need to keep an eye on the big picture , too . 
Neither can be neglected if OUR want this grand experiment OUR call the United States to succeed in the long term . 
Tell I , why do you think government assistance programs were instituted in the first place ? 
Because private charities simply were n't getting the job done . 
Government is not inherently evil , any more then any other social institution . 
JOB is simply a tool , and whether JOB does good or ill depends entirely on how JOB 's used . 
Do YOU honestly believe that poverty -LRB- as relative a term as that is -RRB- exists solely because those who are n't rich are all `` lazy worthless parasites '' ? 
You see poverty as only being a personal moral failing ? 
Then why in the world is poverty still a social issue ? 
Do you think WORLD 's fun being poor ? 
Do you think that living on government benefits gives you a luxurious lifestyle ? 
Then you need a serious reality check , I friend . 
I assure you that none of that is even remotely true . 
And generally speaking , the poor most definitely do not use benefits to buy designer clothes . 
Paying the basic bills is enough of a challenge , I promise you . 
How much is enough ? 
There is never a firm answer to that . 
ANSWER 's something that we as a community must decide through the political process , through consensus and compromise , through actually listening to each other . 
What WE need are practical , pragmatic people from all over the political spectrum to talk , to give WE PEOPLE points of view , to make suggestions , to be as forceful an advocate for PEOPLE positions as possible . 
WE need to take the best that each of WE has to offer , even the parts that you do n't agree with . 
But WE need serious ideas , not , `` EACH do n't want to pay taxes , '' not , `` But why should \* EACH \* have to so something about SPECTRUM ? '' 
not , `` Hey , man , JOB 's not EACH job . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1844
The revolts in the past have been against `` the power '' being used to stop individualism and freedom . 
Pretty much what liberalism is trying to do now . 
There have been NO revolts in history against a free market . 
Right now LIBERALS in Europe are revolting , striking , and looting and destroying , and even KILLING because the fiscal mess can not be supported any longer and LIBERALS are losing a tiny bit of LIBERALS FREEBIES . 
And for that LIBERALS are willing to kill . 
That is LIBERALS willing to kill to keep LIBERALS unsustainable giveaway programs . 
You can not SEE the danger there ????? 
Conservatives are trying to say and have said for years , `` Let YEARS NOT follow Europe , let Europe follow CONSERVATIVES . '' 
But liberals insisted that we follow Europe . 
Can you not see where that ends . 
Bankrupt countries , fiscally AND morally bankrupt under the guise of doing good and being ` compassionate . 
You ask for proof , you ask I make a good argument against liberalism , Simple , EUROPE ! 
Europe should be the little kid tagging along behind and trying to get the big kids to play with KIDS . 
Instead , if we do not change WE ways , Europe is showing WE WE own bleak future . 
ENABLING people to BE poor is what liberalism does . 
EUROPE does nothing to ennoble people EUROPE only enables PEOPLE . 
Liberals say that placing demands on the poor is demeaning POOR . 
That is the exact opposite of the truth . 
MAKE LIBERALS earn everything , and LIBERALS will find ambition , pride , self esteem , and drive . 
And personal responsibility . 
If we can afford to give to the poor , WE can afford to make work for POOR to do instead . 
And your claim that charity was not doing the job is completely fallacious . 
No giveaway programs were started to make up a charitable shortfall . 
ALL giveaway programs have one purpose and one purpose only . 
And that is not to help the poor , PURPOSE is to help the politician buy votes . 
And NO conservative is saying , `` NO do n't want to pay taxes . '' 
We are saying , `` POOR refuse to pay even MORE taxes until the Govt stops wasting 50 cents of every tax dollar POOR pay now . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1845
Why on earth would we pay for permanent jobs for the poor ?! 
Assistance is only supposed to be a temporary thing . 
Providing jobs just for the sake of providing jobs has the potential to be a lifelong commitment ! 
SAKE would cost more money for about the same amount of benefit ! 
The only jobs government should be creating for the sake of improving the economy is temporary jobs . 
And they should only be creating those in times of economic slowdown . 
We do n't want to set WE up for a bunch of life long commitments unless BUNCH 's going to seriously improve WE economy . 
Temporary assistance is all most poor people need . 
Most people on welfare get off BUNCH within a few years because PEOPLE are able to find a job and support PEOPLE family . 
Welfare helps the poor get back to work . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1846
`` WELFARE HELPS THE POOR GET BACK TO WORK ! 
`` HOW ??? 
There is NOTHING temporary about the giveaway programs we have for the poor . 
The only changes to the giveaway programs is POOR get increased . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1847
FACT 's a fact that the average welfare family only stays on welfare for a few years that the most . 
The welfare life is not a life of luxury . 
People want to get off LIFE as soon as possible . 
And welfare does help people get back to work in that LIFE keeps demand up in recessions which causes businesses to hire again sooner . 
In the end welfare saves us more money than END costs because welfare is a recession buster . 
Want to end a recession quickly and effectively ? 
Increase foodstamps and extend welfare benefits . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1848
And pass the costs on to INFINITY ? 
Only 2 things wrong with your `` plan . 
`` 1 . 
1 does n't work2 . 
YOUR can not afford 1 . 
A Govt is no different than you and I. If YOUR keep running out of money before the end of the year , YOUR KNOW YOUR have to CHANGE what YOUR 've been doing . 
And since , like the Govt , YOUR can only marginally increase YOUR revenue , YOUR must stop YOUR outflow . 
That is not painless or welcome to an individual or a Govt . 
Things that can not be avoided and MUST be done are seldom relished . 
But still must be done . 
There is NO alternative choice except for things to get worse and worse until collapse ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1849
Welfare has already been proven to work . 
Hence why WELFARE 's been around for 80 years . 
Hence why every economic school teaches that an extension of welfare benefits is an economic stimulus . 
Back before republicans went crazy stupid REPUBLICANS knew this fact as well . 
Extention of welfare in bad times used to be a bipartisan thing because everyone who knew anything about economics knows welfare benefits the economy like every school child knows the earth rotates around the sun . 
Just because you do n't understand how EXTENTION works does n't mean EXTENTION does n't work . 
We are n't running out of money because welfare costs too much . 
WE 're running out of money because WE taxes have been way too low for about 30 years now . 
Since Reagan cut them . 
Conservatives would rather see more in CONSERVATIVES paycheck then see a country where people do not starve to death or die of a curable disease simply because PEOPLE could n't afford food and medicine . 
And CONSERVATIVES think CONSERVATIVES are following Jesus in doing so . 
What a joke . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1850
Welfare did start under a liberal president in the 1930 's . 
WELFARE worked so well that the Great Depression ended shortly after the end of WWII in the later 1940 's . 
Way to go ! 
Tax , Spend , Tax , Spend , Hup , Hoop , hreep , harr , Tax , Spend , Tax , Spend , Hup , Hoop , hreep , harr , Tax , Spend , Tax , Spend , Hup , Hoop , hreep , harr , 
CURRENTPOSTID 1851
Like YOU said . 
YOU want YOU lawn cared for . 
Are you going to help pay for LAWN ? 
You know , since you are such a `` patriot . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1853
What does lawn care have to do with health and safety ? 
We 're talking about people dieing of curable disease . 
That 's not at all comparable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1854
Because I 'm going to get depressed if I lawn does n't look good . 
Nobody dies from preventable disease in America , nobody is denied healthcare already . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1855
Here 's a fact or 2 . 
LIBERAL are a liberal . 
Sadly , around 20 % of Americans still are liberals . 
And you just played the race card against an opponent . 
Not because your opponent is racist , but because CARD the only thing your Kool-Aid purveyors have taught you to do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1856
Your last 2 paras are liberal dreaming of a perfect world that WILL NOT happen . 
LAST had 50 years to happen in Medicare so far and LAST has not happened ever . 
Politicians from both parties claiming THEY will stop Medicare , -LRB- insurance -RRB- and Medicaid -LRB- welfare -RRB- fraud are old , old news . 
NONE has any real money to show for POLITICIANS promises . 
And $ 500 BILLION is the silliest claim EVER made . 
And EVER wo n't happen 
CURRENTPOSTID 1857
Bull -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- people do n't die . 
CHOICE 's a hard choice to put your family through tens of thousands in debt or just die a quiet death and leave your family debt free . 
A lot of Americans choose the latter . 
People do die from treatable diseases . 
You are completely out of touch if you believe otherwise . 
LOT 's not as easy as simply going to an emergency room . 
LOT 's paying for LOT afterwards that 's the problem . 
And no body should be forced to put their family into debt to survive . 
Civilized societies do not do that to THEIR civilians . 
America is the only developed nation that does . 
And AMERICA 's because there are too many people in this country that would prefer to see a few extra dollars in CIVILIANS paycheck then see a country where no one has to choose between death and supporting CIVILIANS family . 
Disgusting . 
Selfish . 
Greedy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1858
It 's not one or the other . 
Health care is expensive , MONEY 's not a few extra dollars . 
MONEY 's a lot more money , through taxes and insurance . 
MONEY 's worse healthcare for the people paying for the healthcare . 
MONEY 's free healthcare for people who contribute nothing . 
You ca n't provide any source for your radical claims MONEY 's ridiculous . 
The only reason doctor costs are so high is because of the idiots that try to sue the hospital every time something natural happens . 
The people -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ing are n't the ones paying . 
ING 's quite typical . 
Socialized healthcare is so great ... not . 
What 's a treatable disease some poor person typically dies from ? 
There is n't any . 
That 's the whole point of insurance , you know to insure yourself from being in the position to choose between outrageous prices and not getting the healthcare . 
DISEASE 's the same way for anything else . 
If I do n't buy home insurance and I house burns down ... what happens ? 
Everyone should be entitled to basic health care like they already are , but to suggest that everyone needs to go to doctor for a routine cold on taxpayers money is asinine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1859
Absolutely wrong . 
If your health insurance wo n't cover INSURANCE , and you do n't have the money , many , many diseases will not get treated , and you get to die . 
While it is true that if you are without insurance you can go to an emergency room for treatment , that does n't mean you can automatically get whatever treatment is necessary . 
ROOM does n't mean you get a kidney transplant if you ca n't afford one . 
People die in America for lack of insurance . 
People die in America from lack of access to medical care . 
America has the best health care money can buy . 
But not if you ca n't buy AMERICA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1861
Still provided no sources other than your own opinion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1863
Tell that to 150000 innocent dead Iraqis . 
LOL You wish Jollee . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1864
How do you know your figures are correct ? 
In fact how do you know they were all innocent ? 
I did not approve of Iraq 2 , but I did not have the information that the authorities did either -LRB- for the reason to go to war -RRB- . 
Oh I am sure the numbers of dead are high . 
However , you seem to have the need to be so one sided on the issue . 
Hey I am just wondering , how many people did Saddam and Saddam SADDAM torture and kill in the underground chambers ? 
I suppose Megadeath you condone that ? 
Truly I do not think that you condone Saddam 's torturous reign , correct ? 
Then would you not agree that REIGN was a good thing our brave soldiers ended up getting rid of SADDAM and at least hundreds of his secret death squad police ? 
Do n't you understand that the USA is not the only country that makes moral mistakes ? 
For example , is your country free of killing innocents ? 
What about the treatment of the Aboriginals ? 
On this and other threads you seem fixated on belittling the USA and her people but turn a blind eye to your own countries atrocities eh ? 
Hey take a stick or a crow bar and pry that other eye open ! 
You are missing so much stuff ! 
Oh for further reading of the other side of a soiled Australian coin ~ Racist Australia - Genocidal Atrocities Overviewhttp : \/ \/ www.treatyrepublic.net\/node\/66Maybe if OVERVIEWHTTP own countries atrocities are exposed OVERVIEWHTTP will shut up about our countries mistakes , God knows OUR all make mistakes , well most of OUR do ~ ? 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1866
Your poll is missing `` depends `` as in , YOUR vote will depend upon the candidates ... YOUR am not particularly happy with Obama , but the GOP will have to put up an `` electable '' candidate to get my vote . 
MY would vote for Obama over Sarah Palin , but Mitt Romney MY would consider . 
Anyone that would vote for the GOP or any political party without considering the candidates that are running is letting others make up OTHERS mind . 
MY would love to see someone like Ron Paul to get a real chance . 
MY admit SOMEONE is a little rigid in SOMEONE beliefs , and CANDIDATES are not necessarily popular with a lot of people . 
But if you listen to SOMEONE , SOMEONE logic is sound . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1868
LOL you claim I do n't provide sources then you make this rediculious claim that the entire reason healthcare costs are high is because of legal costs . 
That 's absolutely ridiculous . 
And I will cite this one : http:\/\/washingtonindependent.com\/634...pending-by-0-2The cbo estimated that only .5 &#37; savings would come out of tort reform . 
And .2 of that .5 % would come from people being less likely to use medical services . 
In other words because of the fact that Tort reform has already passed in most states , a nationwide tort reform would do next to nothing in terms of healthcare savings . 
Are you really this daft ? 
People die from treatable cancers all the time because PEOPLE do n't have the insurance to cover regular checkups . 
Sure you can go to the emergency room after you 're pissing blood . 
But by then you 're already dead . 
Yeah . 
And if your job lets you go because you have cancer and ca n't work anymore and you lose your employers healthcare good luck getting a new insurance plan . 
Basic healthcare is the ability to get regular checkups . 
And no CHECKUPS do n't have that for all Americans . 
Only those who can afford THAT . 
And regular checkups save lives . 
You can not simply go to the emergency room and expect to survive . 
And if you do you have just put your family into tens of thousands of debt . 
If we had universal healthcare that would n't happen . 
Why do you think people in countries with universal healthcare live longer than WE and have better birth rates than WE ? 
You do n't think it 's sad that the richest country on earth has the worst healthcare of any developed nation ? 
Or are you one of those idiots that just closes PEOPLE eyes and pretends because WE are America that means WE are number 1 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1869
Seriously why should my money go to protecting people who wo n't even pay a few extra dollars to see everyone have free on delivery healthcare without insurance bull -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
Sad when people defend the profits of corporations over the basic health and safety of Americans . 
MY do n't even understand the mindset . 
Especially when in the end SYSTEM 's a cheaper system for America . 
PEOPLE 'd rather have more money in PEOPLE pockets than a more healthy country . 
And these are the so called patriots . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1871
You cite liberal biased sources , that reinforce the liberal policy . 
Cite a source like the AMA . 
YOU say things like between 2000 and 2006 17,700 uninsured people died with preventable diseases . 
Did YOU die because YOU had no insurance ? 
NO , YOU died because YOU did not do check ups , did not take care of YOU . 
You and the liberal idiots will say that 's because IDIOTS had no insurance , that 's why IDIOTS did not get check up 's . 
Here is a simple fact , not an opinion , that even liberals should be capable of understanding . 
FACT costs MORE to have insurance to pay for check ups than FACT would to pay for check ups on our own . 
Insurance IS a for profit business . 
IF A did not charge more in premiums than A pay out , A would not be able to pay for anyone 's care for anything . 
And the insurance companies profits are regulated by politicians . 
So obamacare changes nothing there except trade state politicians for federal politicians . 
And you wanna bet the state politicians keep POLITICIANS expensive jobs while a whole new set of federal politicians and bureaucrats come on the scene and PAYROLL . 
And the people that died for the own lack of caring for POLITICIANS , COULD have gone to PEOPLE COUNTY HEALTH SERVICE -LRB- an already in place Govt health care plan -RRB- for regular medical care . 
PEOPLE would have paid for routine care according to PEOPLE individual ability to pay Again obamacare does no change here just adds a layer of costs to already existing programs long in place . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1872
You do n't pay tax money . 
You are on a bridge card . 
I do n't want to hear you talk about tax money . 
If you are on government assistance you do n't have a right to -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- about where tax money is going . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1873
you Think the cbo is a liberal biased source . 
Which demonstates your inability to determine what is and is not liberally biased . 
To you anything that disagrees with the republican world view is a liberal source . 
Link please . 
And VIEW can continue to be even after universal healthcare . 
There are profitable insurance companies in Europe and Canada . 
Then that 's just prove that the for profit healthcare system is broken . 
Which is why universal healthcare would be better . 
Those services are far too few and far too spread apart to make a real dent in healthcare costs . 
THING forces insurance companies to take in preexisting conditions . 
That 's a good thing . 
And if THING puts insurance companies out of business then so be THING . 
Government could be doing COMPANIES job better anyway like JOB does in every other developed country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1874
I pay hundreds of dollars a year in taxes . 
You do n't know what you 're talking about . 
The way I see YEAR anyone who -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- es about paying taxes should n't have a right to use the services paid for by taxes . 
Get off I roads . 
Quit calling the cops . 
And do n't expect the firemen to put out your fires and do n't send your kids to public schools . 
In fact why do n't you just go to some remote island and start your own tax free nation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1876
ANYONE who buys into the ABSOLUTE illogical nonsense that high insurance premiums -LRB- true -RRB- will be cured by vastly increasing insurance coverage is certifiable . 
NONSENSE just WILL NOT come to pass . 
obummercare will turn out to be the most massive increase in health care AND insurance costs in history , if not repealed by rational thinking people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1877
What ? 
You do n't like the offer I made you , jthorpe ? 
Why ever not ? 
You would n't have to pay for all those lazy parasites out there . 
This is just so typical . 
The people who complain the loudest about paying taxes do n't think twice about using what those taxes pay for . 
Tell I , who are the real parasites here ? 
I wonder how many tea partiers get social security benefits ? 
Face LOUDEST , jthorpe , you make use of what the government does for us the same as everyone else . 
Quit whining and try acting like a responsible adult . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1878
`` how many tea partiers get social security benefits ? 
`` ANSWER : NONE , that have not paid FICA taxes for a minimum of 40 quarters -LRB- 10 years -RRB- and have attained the age of 62 years for partial payments or now 68 or so years for full benefits . 
A better question : How many parasites are receiving food stamps , housing subsidies , welfare , ADC , WIC , Medicaid , and tax rebates , when PARTIERS have not paid a cent of taxes in years . 
Maybe in PARTIERS whole lives ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1880
Here xxxxxx is some research for you . 
Sorry you are unwilling or unable to find the truth . 
The woman with cancer , 1 . 
That is one side of the story . 
And 2 . 
No matter , the policy had to be within 2 years of issue or the insurer was stuck with POLICY . 
HIPAAHIPAA is the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 . 
PORTABILITY limits insurers power to deny or delay claims , reduces your chances of losing existing coverage , makes PORTABILITY easier and less risky to switch health plans , and prohibits insurance discrimination based on health problems . 
Key HIPAA Protections \* Non-Discrimination In a group plan , the insurer may not apply different eligibility rules , offer different benefits , or charge a higher premium to any individual on the basis of certain health factors health status , claims experience , medical history or genetic information . 
\* Guaranteed Issue Insurers providing small group coverage must offer coverage to any small employer that applies , regardless of health status or prior claims experience of the employees . 
\* Guaranteed Renewability Insurers may not cancel a health plan unless the beneficiary fails to pay the premiums or the insurer stops doing business in the market . 
\* Limits on Preexisting Condition Exclusions Insurers may not exclude -LRB- refuse to cover -RRB- treatments and services related to medical conditions that existed before the beneficiary purchased the health plan for a period ofmore than 12 months . 
If the person has had continuous coverage prior to purchasing the new plan there can be no coverage exclusions . 
State Consumer ProtectionsStates provide a variety of important protections through state law . 
These may include : the appeal of coverage decisions within the insurance company ; the appeal of coverage decisions to an impartial external reviewer ; prompt payment of claims ; access to certain specialists and health care providers ; coverage of specific treatments and services ; and many more . 
Every state has an insurance department that is ready to help you with any question or complaint you may have about your coverage . 
To find out more , contact your state insurance department . 
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER , WEAKLING 're a weakling . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1881
That 's just swell , until the person loses THAT job and then with health care coverage with JOB and ca n't find new employment with health coverage until the pre-existing limitations period expires . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1882
You do know that health insurance can be purchased independently from your employer , right ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1883
They now have rights to continue coverage under Cobra . 
But someone who just lost THEY job ca n't often afford the Cobra insurance rates , which are usually mulitples higher than what MULITPLES paid when employer because the employer often pays for some or all of it . 
So THEY lose THEY insurance , and if THEY do n't get replacement insurance within a short period of time THEY can get screwed by the pre-existing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1884
No , you buy your own insurance and opt out of your employer 's plan . 
That way you keep your insurance before , during , and after your employment . 
Once the Republicans dismantle Obamacare and allow insurance policies to be marketed across state lines , bringing in competition to the mix , then rates will fall . 
Be patient ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1886
Actually , allowing insurance companies to sell across state lines would have the opposite effect . 
Because the health insurance companies will all do the exact same thing the credit card companies have done - move to the state with the least regulations and fewest consumer protections . 
Considering that some states place \* no \* restrictions at all on policy premiums or rate increases , somehow I doubt NO 're going to reduce NO rates out of the goodness of NO hearts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1887
Wonderful idea . 
For that small percentage who lose their job and still can afford to pay for insurance on THEIR own . 
Everyone else is screwed . 
Republicans had 6 years of complete control of the Govt and did n't do -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- , except cut taxes which help folks who do n't need YEARS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1888
You pay hundreds of dollars of taxes ? 
I 'm not talking about sales tax . 
You have stated that you only work during the summer because you ca n't handle working and going to college during the school year . 
I remember last summer you were complaining that you could n't find a job ... which is BS . 
So , you are n't paying hundreds of dollars in taxes . 
People who pay taxes can -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- all ONES want about ONES . 
ONES are the ones paying for YOUR food because YOU are too lazy to work and your a moocher so you wo n't take out a small loan . 
Why do n't you stop mooching off the taxpayer and then we will listen to your ideas . 
You have talked about how you can buy steak with your bridge card which is a freaking joke . 
People like you are the ones hurting the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1889
Hello ! 
Why do n't you listen to Obama . 
OBAMA has now admitted the health care bill is n't reducing anything . 
You ca n't insure more people and have the total price go down . 
That is common sense . 
PRICE was just another liberal lie about health care ... get over PRICE ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1891
But if the overall cost goes up marginally less the per capita costs decrease . 
Plus you do n't have the cost of relying on emergency rooms for primary care . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1892
A lot of folks seem to think big fonts make more impressive arguments . 
Really smart ones put LOT in color . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1893
Health care is not a right . 
4 % unemployment , strong GDP growth , and a deficit that is a third of what UNEMPLOYMENT is now . 
Ahh , the good old days ... before Obama drove America into a ditch . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1894
It is if we make IT one . 
Should be , IMO . 
Some of WE would n't call -7 % growth `` strong '' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1895
-LRB- covers my ears -RRB- MY goodness , jthorpe , shouting at the top of your lungs has made your argument ever so much more credible . 
GOODNESS makes you sound so calm , rational , and well informed . 
And GOODNESS 'll make everyone not notice that YOU provided no evidence or references , did not actually address anything MY said , and what you did say is incoherent , and does n't actually work out to be a criticism of the health care law at all . 
Of course the total amount spent on health care has n't gone down . 
No one ever said ONE would . 
Have you not been paying attention at all ? 
As MY said , the health care law was aimed primarily at expanding coverage and reforming insurance regulation . 
LAW has several measures aimed at improving efficiency in the health care system and works to shift the focus of treatment away from expensive specialists and toward preventive care and general practitioners , all of which should help contain costs in the long run . 
But cost containment is not and was never said to be the main intent . 
There are also several pilot programs in the law to explore ways to contain costs , but there are no easy answers . 
Besides , with a growing population , and rising costs far in excess of inflation , POPULATION would be virtually impossible to actually reduce the total costs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1896
No , health care is not a right . 
Neither is having food . 
Would that make NEITHER okay to let people starve when you could easily help PEOPLE ? 
Obama has significantly improved the unemployment and GDP levels . 
As crappy as things are , PEOPLE 'd be a lot worse without the stimulus . 
We 've discussed that at length earlier in this thread . 
And yes , Dan , that is an opinion . 
An opinion strongly supported by evidence and shared by most economists . 
And your opinion that OPINION has n't helped still has absolutely no support of any kind whatsoever . 
Bush took us from a surplus to a recurring , structural deficit during a time of prosperity mainly for the sake of giving the wealthiest Americans large tax breaks . 
Obama came into office in the middle of the worst recession since the Great Depression , and ran up a deficit with one time stimulus measures to prevent the economy from collapsing completely . 
Plus , a large portion of the current deficit is simply due to lower tax revenues because of the bad economy . 
Once the economy recovers and the stimulus money is spent , Obama 's contribution to the deficit will almost completely disappear . 
Deficit spending during a national emergency -LRB- such as a severe recession -RRB- is a good thing , a necessary thing . 
THING 's like using your credit card to get through a temporary rough financial patch . 
Running up a recurring deficit during prosperity is just plain irresponsible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1897
You have a right to purchase health care . 
You just want everything given to you . 
Man up . 
Well I hope you learned your lesson after seeing what happened when you voted for a Democrat House and Senate . 
They drove our economy into a ditch . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1898
Not if it meant that everyone had to starve and share the misery . 
He did ? 
When ? 
Unemployment Nobody believes the failed stimulus worked , except maybe Joe Biden , because nobody has changed BIDEN talking points lately . 
Obama tripled that deficit and racked more debt in 11\/2 years than every other President that came before OBAMA , combined . 
All Americans who paid taxes got a tax break , btw . 
Obama is about to double the tax rate on the poor . 
Lower taxes = higher revenue to the Treasury . 
That tired old Keynesian argument has now been debunked . 
When you are in a hole , stop digging . 
Obama 's recurring deficit is going to last decades unless OBAMA and OBAMA band of economic halfwits are stopped . 
Luckily , that is about to happen , just in the nick of time . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1900
Why would you say that ? 
Is making baseless assertions and conclusions on something you know absolutely nothing about the norm for you ? 
NOTHING shows . 
The economy was a canyon before the Republican administration left town . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1901
Economists agree : Stimulus created nearly 3 million jobshttp : \/ \/ www.usatoday.com\/money\/econom...lus30_CV_N.htm The deficit decreased in Obama 's first full fiscal year . 
How many recent Republican presidents can say that ? 
None . 
Conservative myth . 
Millions paid taxes and did n't get a dime in tax breaks from the Bush tax cuts . 
Year - Revenues2000 2025.22001 1991.22002 1853.22003 1782.32004 1880.1 Source : CBO . 
govJust look at those higher revenues with the Bush tax cuts . 
Debunked by whom ? 
By what ? 
The Republicans re-instituting Bush administration policies ? 
Because they worked so swell last time ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1902
Since you seemed to have completely missed the extensive discussion on the subject , CRUMBLING will repeat CRUMBLING main post on the subject : In March 2009 , only a month after the stimulus passed , the National Association of Business Economists conducted an industry survey in which 10.3 % of economists forecast a strong impact on the economy , 60.3 % a modest impact , and 29.4 % little to no impact . 
http:\/\/www.nabe.com\/graphweek\/2009\/gw090329.htmlAround a year after the stimulus was passed , studies done by IHS Global Insight , Macroeconomic Advisers and Moody s Economy.com all estimated that the stimulus created 1.6 million to 1.8 million jobs to date and that STIMULUS ultimate impact will be roughly 2.5 million jobs . 
http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/2010\/02\/17\/bu...leonhardt.htmlThe Congressional Budget Office estimated that the effects of the stimulus in the last quarter of 2009 were 2.1 million jobs created , GDP boosted by 3.5 % , and unemployment improved by 2.1 % ECONOMISTS estimate for the first quarter of 2010 is 2.8 million jobs and 4.2 % GDP . 
Unfortunately CRUMBLING had to rely on Wikipedia for these numbers http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Stimulu..._under_the_Act because the PDF 's on the CBO 's website are n't working for CRUMBLING . 
http:\/\/www.cbo.gov\/Even Ben Stein , as conservative an economist as you could wish for and certainly no fan of the Obama administration , implies in an article discussing the failure of Lehman Brothers that the stimulus and bailouts were both necessary and at least somewhat effective . 
`` But the losses to the economy following the failure of Lehman have been on the order of hundreds of billions , maybe trillions . 
Certainly the rescue and stimulus packages needed in the wake of the Lehman failure have amounted to the trillions . '' 
While CRUMBLING certainly ca n't speak for Mr Stein , CRUMBLING would imagine STEIN would argue that the stimulus money could have been better spent to much more effect , but that 's not the same as saying that the stimulus has had no effect at all or even made things worse . 
http:\/\/spectator.org\/archives\/2010\/0...-of-depressionIn any case , $ 288 billion of the stimulus , 37 % of the total , went to tax breaks of various kinds . 
Are HTTP:\/\/SPECTATOR.ORG\/ARCHIVES\/2010\/0...-OF-DEPRESSIONIN going to argue that tax cuts do n't stimulate the economy , onalandline ? 
Basically , ECONOMY comes down to this . 
Are THIS going to deny that we were on the brink of another great depression ? 
Are THIS going to deny that WE 've moved back from the brink since then ? 
You can argue exactly how much the stimulus helped the economy , and you can certainly make the case that the money could have been spent more effectively . 
But if you want to say that the stimulus had no effect at all , CRUMBLING 'm afraid you 're going to have to back that up with something fairly substantial . 
Maybe the economy would have stopped short of the brink on ECONOMY own , and maybe ECONOMY would n't have . 
Do you really think we should have taken that risk and done nothing ? 
and once again WE come back to the simple question , which is preferable , 10 % unemployment , or 25 % ? 
Yes , the current deficits are history-making and record-breaking . 
Because the recession is history-making and record-breaking . 
Most of the increase in the deficit under Obama has been due to the recession , either directly to the lost tax revenue caused by dropping GDP or to the various stimulus and bailout measures to combat the recession . 
You do n't worry about water conservation when your house is on fire , even if you 're in the middle of a drought . 
Obama has said that once the economy recovers OBAMA will reduce the deficit and work on balancing the budget , and considering that so far OBAMA has mostly done exactly what OBAMA 's said OBAMA 'll do , CRUMBLING 'm going to give OBAMA the time to make good on the promise . 
If OBAMA does n't , CRUMBLING promise CRUMBLING 'll be as mad at OBAMA as you are . 
Even putting the direct effects on the economy aside , the infrastructure spending in the Stimulus Bill is something we desperately need . 
The US has been neglecting US infrastructure since the 70 's , and US 's starting to catch up with WE . 
Remember the bridge collapse in Minneapolis in 2007 ? 
Remember the New Orleans levies failing during Katrina ? 
Remember the Northeast Blackout of 2003 ? 
These are tastes of things to come if we do n't start dealing with the problem . 
And if WE infrastructure disintegrates , the economy wo n't be far behind . 
For a more detailed discussion of the issue , CRUMBLING would recommend the History Channel 's excellent documentary , `` The Crumbling of America . '' 
As CRUMBLING just said in another thread : That is a sufficiently misleading statement as to qualify as a lie in CRUMBLING book . 
Unless there 's a recession , tax revenues pretty much always go up , regardless . 
But so do expenditures . 
If you set the tax rate to zero , you obviously get zero revenues . 
So the blanket statement that lowering taxes always increases revenues is patently false . 
Lowering taxes has two effects . 
TWO decreases the rate of taxes paid , which tends to decrease revenues . 
And TWO stimulates the economy , which enlarges the tax base , which tends to increase revenues . 
When tax rates are very high , the economic stimulus effect predominates . 
When taxes are very low , the decreased rates predominate . 
There 's a curve , with peak revenues somewhere in the middle . 
The question is which side of the curve we 're on right now ? 
Considering that current US tax rates are really very low , both by historical US standards and compared to other industrialized countries , and considering that Bush 's tax cuts clearly created a large deficit , CRUMBLING think the answer is fairly obvious . 
Then why has TAX been used by Presidents of both parties and all philosophies in every economic downtown since the Great Depression ? 
Keynesian economics have been debunked ? 
When ? 
How ? 
By whom ? 
Creating an ideological rationalization about why something that worked really did n't does n't change the reality of the situation . 
Speaking of ideology , it seems awfully convenient that yours seems to think that all ills can be cured with the same medicine - you not having to pay taxes . 
Where did this mad notion that the deficit is somehow equivalent to a bad economy come from , anyway ? 
That makes no sense . 
The relationship between the deficit and the economy is complex , and ca n't be whittled down to a simple one to one correspondence . 
In some circumstances a deficit can help the economy , in others hurt DEFICIT , and DEFICIT still others have no appreciable effect at all . 
On what basis do you claim that Obama has created any recurring deficit at all , or that DEFICIT will last decades ? 
Most of the increase of the deficit under Obama have been due to falling revenues caused by the recession , and stimulus measures . 
The stimulus is \* not \* a recurring expense , STIMULUS has an end date . 
Name one thing in the stimulus that does n't . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1903
Kes or Kessy is fine , Dan . 
And as PRAGMATIST 've said \* many \* times before , PRAGMATIST 'm a pragmatist - PRAGMATIST 'm entirely convincible on almost anything , and do n't particularly \* want \* to believe anything in most cases . 
And PRAGMATIST never hold onto a position when the evidence is clearly against PRAGMATIST . 
If you want PRAGMATIST to agree with you , then show PRAGMATIST . 
Show PRAGMATIST your facts , your evidence , a coherent argument , heck , anything at all . 
PRAGMATIST will listen , and change PRAGMATIST mind if what you show PRAGMATIST stacks up . 
PRAGMATIST do n't believe in ideology . 
\*\* Any \*\* ideology . 
Beliefs are a bad thing , we should never have anything stronger then opinions . 
And as for the health care law - sources ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1904
NAIC.ORG National Association of Insurance CommissionersA Govt body , as non partisan as anything gets . 
That 's one . 
Your state insurance commissioner would be another . 
REPUBLICAN should not have to tell you this . 
Searching for truth you 'd find SEARCHING on your own . 
Searching to prove REPUBLICAN wrong will lead you to partisan websites that are meaningless for you or I. REPUBLICAN 'm not a Republican , REPUBLICAN 'm a realist . 
Liberals are right when LIBERALS say Bush was bad . 
LIBERALS 're are wrong when LIBERALS say obummer is good . 
LIBERALS are both bad . 
And spending is the worst problem each made worse , and not listening to EACH public is the second worst problem each had\/has . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1905
Thse Keynesians were dead wrong . 
as we now know . 
Dead link . 
Nope , they said saved or created , which as WE all know is total BS . 
You can not quantifu a job saved . 
Yet GDP is in the toilet . 
Yet unemployment is still around 10 % and has n't moved . 
Reality seems to be different than the guesses of the liberal Keynesians who made these bogus predictions . 
-LRB- quote -RRB- Their estimate for the first quarter of 2010 is 2.8 million jobs and 4.2 % GDP . 
Unfortunately I had to rely on Wikipedia for these numbers http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Stimulu..._under_the_Act because the PDF 's on the CBO 's website are n't working for I . 
http:\/\/www.cbo.gov\/\/\/quote]Well THEIR work or HTTP:\/\/WWW.CBO.GOV\/\/\/QUOTE]WELL , and the estimate for GDP is a paltry .7 % on the low side and 2.7 % on the high side . 
In other words , a failure . 
In 2012 the numbers get even worse , with .2 % on the low side and .7 % on the high side . 
http:\/\/www.cbo.gov\/ftpdocs\/117xx\/doc...08-24-ARRA.pdf Here is what Ben Stein said : Another dead link ... Yes , the Democrat mishandling of the Housing Crisis could have been avoided . 
We are worse off now than if WE had done nothing . 
NOW did more harm than good . 
5 % , like WE had under Bush before the Democrats took over Congress . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1906
continued ... The current deficits are due to a waste of over a trillion dollars that should have been rebated back to tax payers , not paid out as pork and political favors to unions that did nothing to help the economy . 
Less than $ 100 billion went to infrastructure . 
Obama just admitted that there were no `` shovel ready jobs '' . 
That was all a lie . 
And I corrected you on that thread . 
Keynesianism prolonged the Great Depression , and has led to a lost decade in Japan , as they tried exactly the failed policies that Obama is trying now . 
Keynesianism will now take KEYNESIANISM 's place next to Marx on the dustbin of history . 
I already pay far more than I fair share of taxes . 
SHARE 's awfully convenient that your ideology consists entirely of stealing more from the productive in order to subsidize the nonproductive . 
Obama campaigned against deficits , right befre OBAMA created the largest deficits in the nations history . 
Where do you think the money to pay for all OBAMA pork has come from ? 
MONEY is all borrowed money , mortgaged on the backs of our children . 
The stimulus is wasteful spending . 
STIMULUS did nothing , and that money has to be paid back . 
STIMULUS will take 10-20 years t do STIMULUS , so STIMULUS is all recurring n the books every year . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1907
Convienient of you to exclude sales tax , service taxes , social security taxes and medicare taxes just so you can tell me ME have no rights as an American . 
Guess what buddy ? 
GUESS does n't matter what you think . 
ME pay taxes just like everyone else in this country . 
And in the peak of ME post graduate career ME 'll probably be in one of the highest tax brackets . 
And ME hope by the time ME get there that ME tax rate is somewhere around 50 % . 
Because that 's a sensible rate for the top tax bracket . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1908
Whatever you say . 
You are already moving towards the republican side ... you know you are voting for Snyder . 
There 's no such thing as a 50 % sensible tax rate . 
That will make you sick if THING ever happens . 
Why do n't you make a little promise to yourself that even if you are n't taxed that much , you donate the difference . 
You can show your true patriotism then . 
Also , I do n't consider PATRIOTISM paying taxes when you take more from the government than you give in . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1909
My reply was rebutting Megadeaths smartass answers and statements running down MY people and country -LRB- USA -RRB- in a hypocritical manner for most part . 
All countries have skeletons in PEOPLE closets and that was what MY was addressing -LRB- while taking a shot at deaths credibility and agenda . 
. 
Australia is one of the few countries left that MY would like to visit . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1911
How have I been hypocritical ? 
I have merely put you in your place when you go on and on about the USA being the greatest , which USA isnt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1913
USA today ? 
Isnt that the paper originally purchased by the moonies . 
or the loonies ? 
Anyway ISNT 's a liberal propaganda vehicle that has just enough credibility to seem , well credible to the average uninformed American . 
A better name for the piece of tpaper -LRB- IMO -RRB- would be ` Comrades Of The Workers Party . 
De Rugy on the Big Lie of 3 Million Stimulus Jobs - Hit & Run ... Jul 14 , 2010 ... De Rugy on the Big Lie of 3 Million Stimulus Jobs ... Half a million jobs created means that 2.5 million were saved !! 
Why , just imagine ... if ... The U.S. Office of Strategic Services described Hitler 's psychological profile as follows : ... Liberal Ignoramushttp : \/ \/ reason.com\/blog\/2010\/07\/14\/de...ig-lie-of-3-miNOBama is a cur and a cancer upon the free -LRB- not if NObama has NOBAMA way -RRB- American people . 
rr 
CURRENTPOSTID 1914
I can pretty much edit out the partisan political rhetoric , especially when RHETORIC 's blatantly wrong or false . 
I 'm NOT voting for Obama but then again , I 'm NOT voting for any of the current front running republicans either . 
For a fair assessment of the Obama record , go to this site . 
http:\/\/www.politifact.com\/truth-o-meter\/ and check out the Obamameter . 
This country either need to abolish both parties or needs a clearly different third party . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1916
Not at all . 
I have given credit where it is due heaps of times . 
Not at all , I jsut point out how yours are far worse . 
Why not ? 
LOL Yeah sure , that 's why you have always resorted to attacks on I rather than I arguments near the end . 
Typical . 
When I actually pose a counter argument , then , and maybe then , you will have engaged in a debate . 
SO far I have just smashed everyone of you pompous and ignorant assertions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1918
Ok , well I have pointed out previously that Australian Aboriginal history is quite shocking , a nd our subservience to British and then American alliances was ridiculous . 
In terms of the US I have pointed out you low standard of living for your status economically , your low level of health , social security , education and happiness , areas in which Australia surpasses you . 
What has the US done well ? 
Well it was the first society to create true liberal democratic principles that lasted effectively . 
SOCIETY also has provided much stability for certain areas of the world . 
In this international sense however I have shown how they have out THEY interests firsts and have often acted rather immorally . 
I have not said the US is -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- or evil all I have said is what happened . 
If you cant hack the truth , well then TRUTH just sucks to be you and I ca n't help you . 
See above , you are wrong , again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1919
JLB did n't leave , he was banned for predicting that Hillary would sell out and take a position with the Obama Administration . 
You touted Obama , and now you are realizing what a mistake you made as OBAMA has failed miserably , just as I foretold . 
Let 's hope you are smart enough to have learned your lesson . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1920
Yep , that 4 % unemployment and high GDP growth was terrible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1921
High GDP growth ? 
Are you kidding me ? 
GW 's best year was bested by 6 years during the Clinton administration . 
GW 's average annual growth was the worst of any president since Hoover , including Carter by a long shot . 
`` High GDP growth . '' 
HIGH 's just amazing what you guys will say . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1922
You mean two economists agree , right ? 
From your link : Not everyone is convinced . 
`` TAYLOR ca n't find in TAYLOR analysis that the 2009 stimulus package had much effect at all , '' says economist John Taylor of Stanford University . 
Taylor , who served as undersecretary of the Treasury under former president George W. Bush , says the recovery that began last year stemmed from a pickup in business investment unrelated to government spending . 
TAYLOR dismissed the Zandi-Blinder conclusions as divorced from what is actually occurring in the economy and reflecting built-in assumptions about the impact of government spending . 
Not even you believe that lie . 
All who paid income taxes got a tax break . 
When the Democrats allowed Bush Tax Cuts to expire , they doubled the tax rate on the poor . 
The Bush Tax Cuts did n't becme effective until 2002 and 2004 , and golly gee , revenues rise after that on your source . 
Current events . 
Instituting proven conservative principals over economics will save us from the destruction of the left wing halfwits running the show now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1923
Was it higher than IT is now , since Dims took over Congress and drove our economy into a ditch ? 
Check out the horrible record on GDP the Dims have . 
Check out the Dims record on unemployment . 
Now look at what has happened to the debt since they took over Congress . 
NOW 's a shameful record . 
Luckily , America is about take the keys away from THEY , and put the grownups back in charge . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1924
That 's all BIDEN need . 
BIDEN 've proved your statement : `` Nobody believes the failed stimulus worked , except maybe Joe Biden '' is false . 
The USA Today article speaks for ARTICLE as to the consensus of economists who agree that Govt intervention prevented a depression . 
Not even you believe that lie . 
BIDEN do n't expect people to rely on BIDEN for facts . 
Anyone can see the decrease in the budget deficit PEOPLE here : http:\/\/cbo.gov\/ftpdocs\/119xx\/doc11936\/SeptemberMBR.pdf Page 1 . 
As to the fact that Reagan , Bush and Bush all increased the deficits in PEOPLE first full fiscal year in office , the data is here :1982 under Reagan deficit increased from 73.9 to 120.6 billion1990 under Bush deficit increased from 205.4 to 277.6 billion2002 under Bush deficit increased from 32.4 to 317.4 billionAs to who is telling lies , the record is self evident . 
Folks can decide for FOLKS . 
That is now correct , correcting your prior erroneous statement . 
NOW has n't expired . 
But your claim is false or misleading . 
Rates did n't double . 
Some will have to pay taxes that did n't . 
Current events . 
To the contrary . 
BIDEN figured your assertion was basely . 
Conservatives economics make sense only if you suspend reality . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1925
Well sure , if you only give Obama the two years to make a comparison . 
Though if you really want to compare Democrats and Republicans on GDP growth , Dems blow them away . 
I trust our members can see that a fair comparison would be over at least one term . 
Especially as Obama took office in the middle of the worst economy since the Great Depression . 
Average real GDP growth under Bush was the worst of every president who served a full term since Hoover . 
Ford was a little worse , be BUSH only was in half a term . 
Only the partisan ideologue would claim that Bush had `` high GDP growth '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 1926
That article is old , and before the disaster of the stimulus failure was clear to all . 
That 's a good thing , as FACT-FREE are 100 &#37; fact-free . 
Obama was President in 2009 , when your link says this the deficit was the highest in history . 
PRESIDENT is als the President now , with the second highest deficit in history , thanks t PRESIDENT failed programs . 
YOU ca n't get a tax break if you do n't pay taxes . 
That should be self evident , and for you to assumepeople who did n't pay taxes should have gotten one just shows your lack of understanding . 
The Congress , by one vote , chose not to extend the Bush Tax Cuts that will expire on Jan 1 , 2011 . 
Thus the Democrats are responsible for the largest tax increase in our country 's history , to go along with their other records of highest deficits , highest debt , etc. There will be a 50 % tax increase for the poor because of the Democrats . 
I corrected I to tax revenues rose after the tax cuts . 
Where is the proof that things are better ? 
Is the UE rate lower ? 
Where are the jobs ? 
Suspending reality is what makes you a liberal . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1927
The Democrat Congress is responsible for the destruction of the economy that started in 2006 . 
Obama was a part f that , and OBAMA compounded the problem when OBAMA took office by taking money out of the economy to spend on pork 'n unions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1928
Aug 30 2010 is `` old '' ? 
Here 's something more recent for you : Did the Stimulus Create Jobs ? 
Yes , the stimulus legislation increased employment , despite false Republican claims to the contrary . 
http:\/\/www.factcheck.org\/2010\/09\/did...s-create-jobs\/ Your unsubstantiated say so does n't impress me . 
Maybe HTTP:\/\/WWW.FACTCHECK.ORG\/2010\/09\/DID...S-CREATE-JOBS\/ impresses others . 
So was Bush . 
And so was Bush when the 2009 budget was enacted . 
Millions paid FICA taxes and got no tax break from the Bush administration whatsoever . 
Bush did n't cut taxes the working poor pay . 
We can only hope . 
WE need to undo the Bush administration 's policies which got WE into this mess . 
So instead of paying $ 1 they pay $ 1.50 . 
OMG . 
Sure . 
Once THEY stopped cutting taxes , revenues rose with inflation and GDP and stocks . 
Proportionally THEY never caught up , and that was the single biggest reason for the $ 5 trillion Bush ran up after inheriting a surplus budget . 
The economy was tanking at -7 % real and losing 700,000 jobs a month and the stock markets were crashing . 
Not the economy is growing , the private sector has created jobs for 9 straight months , and the stock market is up 65-70 % since March 2009 . 
We are not out of the deep hole the recession put WE in , but WE are n't getting deeper , in stark contrast to the picture in the first quarter 2009 . 
Not enough demand as people and businesses pay down debt . 
Can you image the situation if the stimulus had not been passed ? 
Yet ME 'm the one supporting ME assertions with citations and data . 
You 're the one relying on unsupported blather . 
Which is being shown erroneous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1929
Unsupported partisan nonsense . 
The Democrats were a minority party with little power to do anything when the destruction of the economy started in 2006 . 
Which actually had started well before that as the Govt sat by while frenzied speculation in the real estate market coupled with unregulated lending procedures created a bubble that had maxed out in 2006 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1930
The government sat by ... you mean Barney Frank , Chris Dodd , and Barack Obama sat by ... hmmm ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1932
The Democrats did not control the congress agenda or the administration of the Govt . 
That was the Republicans and Bush promoting BUSH `` ownership society '' agenda . 
Most Dems did vote in favor of the \* only \* bill ever passed by either house during the entire time Republicans controlled congress which passed in 2005 . 
And went nowhere because of opposition by the WH . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1934
Nope . 
Not gonna happen . 
Keep dreamin . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1935
Your avatar says `` undefeated '' . 
What a strange think to have in light of these posts :9 -17 -2008 9-15-08 9-15-08 9-13-08 Maybe you mean `` undefeated '' in ring toss or something . 
Certainly not in political posts here at PF . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1936
That is a complete and total lie , and shows a profound lack of even the slightest understanding of economics . 
The economic collapse was the result of a housing bubble that burst . 
That problem was brought about by a number of different poor decisions , starting MUCH earlier than 2006 . 
The blame lies quite clearly with Republicans , but also with the Fed , Democrats , the Banks , and other groups as well . 
Anyone with even a passing understanding of economics realizes that the economic collapse has roots that go back to way before 2006 , and only mentally deficient partisan hacks believe the problems started in 2006 -LRB- actually 2007 -RRB- when the Democratic congress came to power . 
If Democrats are to blame in any way -LRB- HACKS certainly share some of the blame -RRB- , HACKS contributions go back the late 90s WAY more than HACKS do 2006 -LRB- actually 2007 -RRB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1937
Fairly good post . 
If you just changed this sentence : `` The blame lies quite clearly with Republicans , but also with the Fed , Democrats , the Banks , and other groups as well . 
`` To read : The blame lies quite clearly with politicians of both parties , but also with the Fed , The Banks , and other groups as well . 
Then YOU would be in total agreement with you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1940
I agree with Dan on this one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1941
What we need is a party in power that will limit government and bring it back to IT Constitutional obligations . 
The closest thing WE got going are the Tea Party Conservatives running as Republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1942
This should be short ... No , there is no evidence to back you up , only speculation . 
An estimate is not evidence . 
The current unemployment rate is not 9.2 % , RATE is 9.6 % , so there goes your argument . 
Gee , I wonder which party Mark Zandi -LRB- yes , you spelled RATE wrong ... -RRB- gives ZANDI money to ? 
ZANDI , MARKMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S \/ ECONOMIST 6\/23\/08 $ 2,300 Roggio , Robert -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARKMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODYS ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 5\/18\/09 $ 1,000 Specter , Arlen -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARK MMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 9\/16\/09 $ 2,400 Sestak , Joseph A Jr -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARK MMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 3\/31\/09 $ 2,400 Sestak , Joseph A Jr -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARK MMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 3\/31\/09 $ 2,400 Sestak , Joseph A Jr -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARK MMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 6\/24\/07 $ 2,300 Sestak , Joe -LRB- D -RRB- ZANDI , MARK MMALVERN , PA 19355 MOODY 'S ECONOMY.COM\/CHIEF ECONOMIST 6\/26\/07 $ 2,300 Sestak , Joe -LRB- D -RRB- Nothing but left wing nut jobs ... Wow , so ZANDI endorses the Republican position that tax cuts are the best way to get the economy going ... This economy would n't be stuck in a ditch if we would have let the people keep PEOPLE $ 1 trillion in tax cuts rather than Obama wasting MARKMALVERN . 
The BEA is a laughingstockThe original BEA 2008Q3 GDP announcement of -0.5 % later downward revised to -2.7 % ! 
Shortly thereafter 2008Q4 was announced at -3.8 % and the BEA later did a downward revision to -5.4 % . 
PEOPLE never get BEA right . 
You let the census worker trick fool you , eh ? 
No , NO 's getting worse and NO could have been much better . 
Here is a nice list for you to start on . 
You have very little understanding of economics , which is why you are so gullible for the failed policies of the left . 
The bottom line : The `` stimulus '' cost nearly a trillion dollars . 
Taking $ 1 trillion away from the private sector where money always flows to LINE 's best possible use , and using SECTOR in a bloated command economy model is inefficient at best , a disaster at worse . 
You are merely pulling that number out of your rump . 
Sure NUMBER has ... Bwahahaha ! 
You think you are the one teaching the lesson here ? 
I have forgotten more about economics than you will ever learn . 
There is nothing you can teach I . 
Your ignorance is boundless , which makes you a great follower of Zero . 
YouTube - Greatest movie line ever ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1944
LOL That was funny . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1945
I have no problem following your infantile reasoning . 
I 've been working in the investment management business studying economics I entire life . 
I know what works in the real world . 
No , NO are not , especially when NO are wrong by many degrees of magnitude , and have to be constantly corrected . 
You keep living in your dream world , and I will keep intruding with reality . 
So you admit your resources that you place your leftist faith in are flawed and unreliable ... I will stick to reality and history . 
FAITH is n't better , but you are pulling those numbers out of the air . 
We will soon see 10.3 % , however , thanks to Obama 's policies . 
Gallup : Next unemployment report will be worseMonday , October 18 , 2010 2:54:29 PM Unemployment , as measured by Gallup without seasonal adjustment , is at 10.0 % in mid-October essentially the same as the 10.1 % at the end of September but up sharply from 9.4 % in mid-September and 9.3 % at the end of August . 
This mid-month measurement confirms the late September surge in joblessness that should be reflected by the government s Nov. 5 unemployment report . 
Is 10 % better , or worse than 9.6 % ? 
Take your time ... A recession is two consecutive negative quarters of GDP growth , so we could have a double dip , and probably will unless Obama is stopped . 
You used that arbitrary number as if to say that if Obama had not wasted $ 1 trillion on the stimulus WE would have 25 % unemployment . 
You do n't know how bad STIMULUS would have gotten without the wasted money . 
STIMULUS probably would have gotten better , an we would not have mortgaged WE children 's future on liberal pork to unions . 
Recessions can happen due to war , and any number of other factors . 
Conservatism ends recessions . 
Liberalism prolongs recessions . 
Government wasteful spending is by far the worst way to stimulate the economy . 
Obama has never had a real job , nor have most of OBAMA economics team , and they pretend to know how to better spend people 's money than taxpayers do . 
Worse unemployment . 
Higher debt . 
Higher deficits . 
That is the record of your brand of economics . 
You know RECORD , and so does the rest of America now . 
That is why America is taking the keys away in 336 hours . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1946
I know ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 1949
The recession ended 6 months after Barack Obama was elected . 
How much faster do you expect a president to act ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1950
You ca n't claim a recession or depression ended until years after the fact . 
Things are still getting worse , RECESSION 's not even over yet . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1951
Your Kool-Aid must be 100 proof these days ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1952
How do you define `` recession '' ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1953
It is over a year after the fact . 
The recession ended June 2009 . 
We know for a fact the recession ended then . 
If the economy starts to shrink again then that would be another recession entirely . 
Though I do n't know where you get that things are getting worse ... the economy is continuing to grow , though not as fast as people would like . 
However MATTER 's only a matter of time till jobs start coming back . 
Companies are reporting record numbers of cash on hand . 
COMPANIES just need more assurance that this is a stable economy that is n't going to crash again . 
And more and more we are seeing that slowly but surely the economy is stabilizing ECONOMY . 
MATTER 's only a matter of time now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1954
In whatever way makes Obama look bad . 
If by 2014 Obama is still president and we have 4.5 &#37; unemployment OBAMA 'll be saying WE 're in a recession because there are still people who are unemployed . 
Or WE 're about to enter a recession . 
One of those . 
Republicans WE 're saying WE are about to enter a recession all throughout the 90s . 
The recession never did happen all the way up until 2007 . 
Turns out Clinton 's policies kept WE recession free for 15 years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1955
I 'm just curious if he asserts we are still in a recession , what definition HE is using and the source for HE definition . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1956
Actually , that 's not true , Bill . 
The US had a recession in 2000 - 2001 , caused largely by the tech bubble bursting . 
Let 's be honest here , folks , the economy is an enormous beast with a tremendous amount of inertia that tends to do as BEAST pleases . 
The government has only a limited ability to influence what GOVERNMENT does , and within the government the Federal Reserve has much more ability to effect the economy then the President and the Congress . 
There 's only so much \* any \* President can do , positive or negative . 
And for the umpteenth time , the economy right now is stagnant , not in recession . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1957
You 've probably noticed , in real life , that `` stagnant '' has a certain unpleasant odor about STAGNANT . 
Do you know the difference between humor and odor ? 
Humor is a shift of wit ! 
Just tryin ' to lighten up . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1958
Good post , but there are recessions and then there are recessions . 
The 2001 `` Clinton recession '' as conservatives often call RECESSION was more like a slowdown . 
As GDP figures were ultimately calculated , GDP never went down in two consecutive quarters , which is the classic test of a recession , and in the worst year , FY2001 , real GDP increased 1.1 % , and actual GDP increased over 3 % . 
CLINTON know you did n't compare CONSERVATIVES , but the 2001 `` recession , '' if it is even fair to call 2001 a recession -LRB- CLINTON know the NBER classified NBER as such -RRB- was a much different beast that the recession Obama inherited . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1959
-LRB- giggles -RRB- Yes , DAN 're absolutely right , Dan . 
Stagnation sucks , big time . 
But recession sucks more . 
It 's like the difference between a wildfire that 's raging out of control and one that 's been contained but not put out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1960
That 's cute . 
Though THAT am curious as to your response to THAT question : How do you define `` recession '' ? 
When you accuse others of `` drinking koolaid '' THAT 'd expect you could at least defend your position as to the basis for that assertion . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1961
But it ` hai n't ' no way to get re-elected ! 
Do you know the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea ? 
The epileptic oyster shucker shucks between fits ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1962
... ... `` ended '' ... ... so they say ... The job market is still bleak -LRB- but looking better -RRB- and we have tons of debt to china ... Government bond anyone ? 
WE need recovery , Just like BO needs vacations to recover 
CURRENTPOSTID 1964
Actually no there was no recession in 2000-2001 . 
A recession is 2 sequential quarters of economic shrinkage . 
There was never 2 quarters of shrinkage between 2000 and 2001 . 
So there was never a recession . 
Just a slowdown . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1965
Tsk , tsk , Bill . 
If you 're going to reproach others for presenting facts in a deceptive way , you really should n't do WAY yourself . 
US GDP fell in the first and third quarters of 2001 . 
Technically not a recession , but for all practical purposes TECHNICALLY was . 
TECHNICALLY was also a worldwide slowdown , and many other countries \* did \* meet OTHERS technical definitions of recession . 
Yes , it was a very mild recession , but do n't try to explain RECESSION away . 
RECESSION 's really not a good idea to hide behind technicalities . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1967
I stand by I claims . 
I asked you to provide quotes to back up your claims however they are non existent . 
I do not take your word for WORD pal , no offense meant I ask everyone to provide sources or quotes . 
Ok , onward ? 
Now you ask what has the United States done so well ? 
She is a super power and the world leader like POWER or not . 
That is not a arrogant statement , POWER is a statement of fact . 
SHE is a bastion of freedom and truly was at the forefront of saving the world from speaking German and Japanese . 
There is just too much to list . 
-LRB- \/ quote -RRB- And ? 
You say these things , and just in your gun control argument you cling to studies funded to say what you want to hear . 
Sorry that fails in debate . 
Your first and second sentence why your entire idea about the USA is incorrect . 
If we had n't been all that I highly doubt your countries would exist . 
In WW2 if the USA had not of assisted your country WW2 would of been overrun for example . 
And FWI , your statement about the USA 's ` rather immoral ' behavior is another example another hypocritical statement , because other countries immoral behavior are often exceedingly worse than the USA 's . 
All countries sometimes act in ` rather immoral ' ways because that is what must governments do to ensure the continued existence of their host countries at times . 
However compared to other countries I would rather be an POW etc in the USA compared to almost any other country . 
If the USA was truly immoral I would n't say that . 
You have insinuated as much , which is worse because you can not man up enough to put what you mean in plain words . 
Ok , to the rest of the forum I apologize for zinging this far off topic , I will not comment on this with MD again unless we start a new thread . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1968
MAJORITY can tell you Obama seems to be swilling Jim Jones koolaid like JONES name is Otis Campbell drinking Mayberrys finest hooch if OBAMA thinks OBAMA is going to be reelected . 
We have a terrible job market and MAJORITY can tell Obama that spending trillions here and trillions there has failed . 
The smoke and mirrors of the white house imaginary jobs is a pathetic attempt to save Obamas butt . 
However read MAJORITY lips , Obama is gone in 2013 . 
And , that 's all MAJORITY have to say about that , except that MAJORITY am exceedingly happy the majority of Americans even a goodly number of the original jaded Obama lovers have seen the golden boys color fade from gold to OBAMA true color ; pewter gray . 
For a time MAJORITY thought MAJORITY fellow Americans had lost leave of their senses nearly worshiping the Harvard ` professor ' -LRB- a misnomer really -RRB- . 
God does indeed work in mysterious ways . 
Byeee Obama ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1970
do n't worry . 
End of the world is n't till dec 2012 . 
So Obama will have time to be reelected . 
lol 
CURRENTPOSTID 1971
Not like it 's going to happen anyways . 
Keep dreamin ' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1972
Ha ha yes ! 
Still I think that out of all the weird stuff the 2012 prediction of something happening is the most credible . 
Maybe Obama and -LRB- whoever the GOP musters against OBAMA -RRB- will be the least of our worries . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1973
Ha ha I did say 2013 ! 
man HA wayyyy too early ! 
Nov of 2012 is the date to remember eh ? 
Hey that will be a squeaker . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1975
Technical definitions are all we have to determine what is and what is n't a recession . 
I 'd rather follow the technical definition then tell everyone a lie . 
There was no recession between 2000 and 2001 . 
Saying anything else is telling a lie . 
Just the same as saying we are in a recession now is telling a lie . 
Recession has a specific definition . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1976
OK technocrat , the economy went through a down cycle in 2000-2001 and is in a much deeper , and longer , down cycle now . 
Try discussing your exact technical definitions with the 28 million unemployed and under employed . 
See if they give a dam about your technicalities ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1977
There are millions of unemployed in even a perfect economy . 
Plus employment is a lagging indicator . 
INDICATOR might take a year or two after the economy stabilizes for businesses to feel comfortable hiring again . 
The problem with unemployment is PROBLEM 's not necessarily a problem with the economy . 
PROBLEM 's a problem with confidence . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1978
The hallmark of this liberal administration and the Kool-Ade drinking liberal groupies , EXCUSES . 
Never before in human history have so many excuses , been made so often , by by so few . 
That has a familiar sound !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1979
But I thought government ca n't create jobs . 
So what do you want Obama to do exactly ? 
Oh wait . 
You 're one of those people who said we should have done absolutely nothing at all . 
I wonder what sort of excuses you would have given by now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1980
There IS no PROOF that doing nothing would have made anything worse , just as there is no PROOF that the massive never ending flow of various Stimulus plans have accomplished anything but more debt . 
Of that and that alone , THERE IS PROOF ! 
And the Govt can create jobs . 
But they are only Govt jobs and thus are a burden on a vibrant economy rather than an impetus to the economy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1981
You ca n't mathematically prove anything in economics . 
But there is lots of evidence that the Stimulus has had a significant impact , as logic would tell you STIMULUS would . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1982
Really ? 
Logic would tell us that ? 
Unemployment is still close to it 's peak . 
US spent $ 860 billion . 
Next to nothing has been done . 
Just wait until the effects of the wasted money . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1983
Logic would tell us if the Govt had n't pumped a few hundred billion in spending into the economy creating demand for jobs and paying for jobs for folks who would otherwise have been fired , unemployment would have gotten much higher and the recession would be worse . 
Conservatives tell US all the time that tax cuts spur economic growth , so if you believe that , logic would tell you that the hundreds of billions in tax cuts had an efffect as well and that the economy would have been worse and unemployment higher without ECONOMY . 
Finally , logic tells US from empirical data , including FDR 's new deal and WWII , that Govt spending stimulates the economy , and finally the fact that in this period the fact the economy went from tanking -7 &#37; real and losing 700,000 jobs a month to growing and the private sector adding jobs suggests the stimulus had a positive effect , as the bi-partisan and most economists agree . 
While $ 860 billion is a lot , I agree , and it is almost as much money wasted in the mistaken war in Iraq , comparatively MONEY represents just over 5 % of the economy . 
Given that both Govt spending and the deficit were cut in FY2010 , US should n't be surprised that this modest amount of stimulus , while logic and evidence suggest LOGIC helped turn the economy around and stop getting worse , was n't sufficiently large to really set AMOUNT on fire . 
Unfortunately , fiscal mismanagement by the prior three Republican administrations left the nation in such a precarious state of debt that only a limited amount of stimulus was prudent . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1984
Oh things have been done alright . 
Backward progress , increased government , bowing to the ME ... Plenty has been done my friend , plenty . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1985
Need I say more ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1986
Well , since you did n't actually say anything , my first instinct would be that in fact yes , yes you do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1987
I agree 100 &#37; . 
The problem with many activist radical liberals is that LIBERALS have no common sense . 
Hey I have a splendid idea ! 
Lets eat the activists . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 1988
Common sense means to me something even an idiot would know . 
Which is why SOMETHING confuses the hell out of ME when conservatives say CONSERVATIVES want more common sense in government . 
Sorry but government policy is complicated . 
Economic policy is complicated . 
ME do n't want people with common sense in government . 
ME want people with uncommon sense in government . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1989
Right now we have people in power with : No common sense , No uncommon sense , No practical sense , Just nonsense . 
PEOPLE have consistently repeated that if enough money is spent and WE wait long enough , PEOPLE unproven theorems , will eventually work . 
If the Government HAD $ 4 or $ 5 trillion extra dollars laying around doing nothing , perhaps , and only perhaps , a case could be made for PEOPLE theorems . 
However when every cent the people in power are spending on Stimulus is BORROWED money with no end in sight or any method to pay END back , the theorems go out the window . 
The rescinding of the Bush tax cuts are not even an issue . 
PEOPLE WILL hurt the economy and PEOPLE WON `` T lower the debt a single penny . 
ECONOMY is all liberal window dressing and sleight of hand . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1990
$ 860 billion is now considered `` a few billion , '' to liberals now ? 
NOW 's really getting sad . 
People just do n't realize how much money that is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1991
Not that much at all compared to the losses we would have endured . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1992
Oh please . 
Paying billions of dollars to save a few jobs . 
It 's getting quite comical . 
We have posted enough stories of loads of stimulus money creating jobs at the waste of taxpayer money . 
http:\/\/news.yahoo.com\/s\/yblog_upshot...eate-7-76-jobs$111 million to create 54 jobs ? 
That 's 2 million per job . 
2 million ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 1993
The obamalama claimed that the stimulus `` CREATED '' 50,000 NEW ` WINDFARM ' JOBS . 
The only problem is those generators were up and running BEFORE the obamalama became president . 
Another 50,000 jobs ` created ' in OBAMALAMA own mind . 
Even if the stimulus did create the 3.5 million jobs claimed , which nobody believes , including the liberal media . 
STIMULUS still comes to $ 232,571.43 , cost per job created . 
So with 14.8 million unemployed , we only need $ 3,442,057,164,000.00 more stimulus to achieve full employment . 
And WE great , great , great , great , great , great , grand kids can worry about the debt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1995
The $ 232,000.00 is the cost of a Govt created job , not the salary . 
The private sector cost of creating a job is $ 31,000.00 , not the salary . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1996
lol wut ? 
Do you just pull these numbers out of your ass or something . 
Where the hell does 31,000 dollars per job in the private sector come from ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 1998
You have been brainwashed into believing the Govt is the answer . 
The Govt is not only NOT the answer , GOVT is the problem . 
The recession is\/was wholly caused by the Govt meddling in the free market . 
Then the politicians BLAME the free market for all the problems the Govt caused . 
You liberals scream about deregulation of the free market and clamor for more regulation . 
Well we had regulation , the Govt repealed many , very good , very effective regulations , in order to further THEMSELVES politically . 
Now a new financial regulation bill has been passed in great haste and in a completely partisan manner . 
ALREADY NOW is seen as ridiculous . 
The SEC was exempted from new regs . 
You want Wall Street to toe the line and LIBERALS -LRB- liberals -RRB- exempt the SEC ? 
Even Barney Frank blanched at that . 
FRANK said that the bill was passed so quickly FRANK did n't have a copy to read . 
That is an absolute intentional LIE . 
And indicative of the problem of the Govt meddling where YOU are sadly incompetent , the free market . 
YOU personally and liberals in general keep repeating that if the Govt had not WASTED well over a TRILLION dollars we 'd be in such bad shape . 
This is OPINION , NOT FACT . 
A fact is that many recession in the past have corrected YOU without any Govt intervention . 
would this have been another one to correct OPINION ? 
We will never know that because WE HAVE HAD massive intervention by the very same people that caused the recession . 
And the SEEDS of this recession were NOT planted by Bush or Republicans . 
The clock was running long before Bush , and both parties are equally to blame . 
The Stimulus did not and HAS not worked . 
Liberals can not grasp that simple FACT but the majority of the American is fully aware that obama HAS FAILED . 
And in addition to the failure , we now have more debt accumulating than any other president in history . 
Bush increased the debt by an average of $ 625 billion per year . 
obama IS increasing the debt by $ 1.5 TRILLION per year . 
And you liberals claim Bush was terrible . 
You ARE right , Bush was terrible -LRB- and BUSH was `` the Govt . '' -RRB- 
and now obama is the Govt and BUSH is 2.4 times WORSE than Bush . 
Why does Freddie and Fannie now need ANOTHER $ 300 + BILLION to further bail LIBERALS out ? 
Because F&F invented , bought , and guaranteed the fictitious `` sub-prime '' loans . 
The free market did not invent those worthless loans , calling LIBERALS what LIBERALS are , F&F & `` THE GOVT did that for the good of all of us . 
Liberals scream about the ruthless crooks on Wall Street . 
TARP was passed in a DEMOCRAT Congress , and TARP bailed out , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , wait for CONGRESS , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , WALL STREET !! 
Would CONGRESS have been better if the Govt had stayed out of the free market ? 
YES . 
If they HAD , maybe there would NOT have even been a recession . 
You want proof that YOU 're drinking the liberal Kool-Ade and that the stimulus has failed ? 
Look to the politicians feeding YOU that Kool-Ade . 
Are POLITICIANS running for re-election on the merits of obamacare ? 
NO ! 
Are POLITICIANS running on the great jobs reports ? 
NO ! 
Are POLITICIANS running on the great Stimulus plan ? 
NO ! 
POLITICIANS campaigns are one thing and one thing only . 
F&F opponent is worse than F&F . 
NOT how much good F&F 've done , instead , F&F opponent will be even worse ! 
Ca n't YOU read between the lines of what YOU own liberal politicians are saying ? 
POLITICIANS 're saying , the pooch is screwed , and YOU ca n't hear POLITICIANS because YOU ears are full of the Kool-Ade . 
CURRENTPOSTID 1999
The only brain washing going on here has convinced you that the fairy tales about the free market are in fact accurate . 
Government is not the answer to many problems , you are right . 
Unfortunately for the narrative you are trying to convince us of , government at other times actually IS the answer . 
No one believes government should solve all problems , or even most problems , that is a straw man invented the the believers in the laissez faire fairy tale . 
The reality is , government did play a role in the current economic crisis , but the reality is also that the market did as well . 
Government did keep interest rates too low , but BELIEVERS also deregulated the whole industry -LRB- that means less government , not more -RRB- , and the market failed . 
Banks did act incompetently . 
BELIEVERS did , when given more freedom , cause a massive problem . 
The same is true of consumers of housing . 
People bought houses PEOPLE could n't afford , not because government made PEOPLE , but because PEOPLE made irrational decisions . 
Irrational decisions are not taken into account in the laissez faire fairy tale story . 
Nor are market failures , externalities , etc. But that is the problem some of us are able to see the problems government solves and the problems PROBLEM creates . 
US do n't need a black and white world where X is the problem and Y is the solution . 
Not when the reality is that sometimes X IS a problem , but SOLUTION is also sometimes a solution . 
Just like Y is sometimes a solution , but SOLUTION can also be a problem as well . 
That is the reality of the market -LRB- I do n't call SOLUTION the free market , as that is a mythical concept made up in the laissez faire fairy tales . 
SOLUTION is sort of like a unicorn -RRB- , SOLUTION can do some things extraordinarily well , but can not do others things as well . 
Government is the same . 
But that takes a level of nuance and recognition of complexity that too many are incapable of recognizing . 
I really do tire of the simplistic arguments where either government is the source of all problems , or greedy corporations are the source of all problems . 
The reality is CORPORATIONS are both capable of doing good things as well as bad . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2000
No , just like I dont let I dog soil I carpet ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2001
Is this meant to be a folksy home truth that offers some simple insight into the issue at hand ? 
If THIS is , please explain what in the world you are talking about , because at the moment MOMENT makes no sense to me , and just seems like nonsensical gibberish . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2002
In other words , no I am not voting for I ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2003
-LRB- giggles -RRB- PRAGMATIST ears are full of Kool-Ade ? 
Dan , PRAGMATIST think your metaphor has kinda derailed here . 
Look , like PRAGMATIST 've said before , PRAGMATIST 'm a pragmatist - PRAGMATIST go with what works , and PRAGMATIST go where the evidence leads PRAGMATIST . 
If you want to convince PRAGMATIST of your position , then show PRAGMATIST evidence . 
Or a thorough argument . 
Or \* something \* that 's a reason to think that . 
Just saying that government is evil and always the problem over and over is n't going to cut PROBLEM , you need to show how and why government is the problem . 
No one is saying that the market is evil or needs to be done away with or the source of nothing but problems . 
Well , at least not anyone with an ounce of sense . 
The free market is an extraordinarily powerful engine for creating material wealth . 
But that 's really all ENGINE does . 
As PRAGMATIST 've previously pointed out , the market left to PREVIOUSLY own devices can create some pretty bad situations . 
PREVIOUSLY needs to be balanced with other institutions . 
That does n't necessarily need to be government , but at least so far , government has been the most effective -LRB- if very imperfect -RRB- tool for doing that . 
If you have a better suggestion , please share SUGGESTION . 
PRAGMATIST am not especially interested in laying blame for this recession . 
PRAGMATIST 'm much more interested in figuring out what to do \* now . 
\* PRAGMATIST agree completely that the seeds of this recession go way back , and many hands helped plant them . 
But that does n't help us find a way out of WAY now . 
As PRAGMATIST said before , fiscal stimulus is about the only tool available to the President and Congress to fight a recession . 
If you have a suggestion for something else to try , please share that too . 
In general , PRAGMATIST believe in balanced budgets , and do n't like deficit spending . 
But there are times when deficits are both appropriate and necessary . 
Just like you should generally keep your family budget balanced , but sometimes you need to borrow because of unusual circumstances . 
A family emergency , an accident or other unforeseen expense not covered by insurance , etc. . 
The comparison between Presidents Bush and Obama is not about how big their deficits are , but what THEIR 're being run up for . 
President Bush ran up a recurring structural deficit during a time of prosperity primarily to fund tax cuts for the top earners . 
This would be sort of like quitting your well paying full time career and instead taking a part time job , without changing your spending . 
President Obama , on the other hand , has run up a deficit with emergency , limited spending to deal with the current crisis . 
This is more analogous to if you had a fire in your house , and your insurance did n't give you enough coverage to fix everything , so you take out a loan to get things back to how EARNERS should be . 
PRAGMATIST do n't like bailouts any more then you do , but EARNERS are necessary . 
Just look at the damage letting Lehman Brothers fail caused . 
What would have happened if we 'd allowed , what was DAMAGE ? 
Something like a dozen major companies ? 
What if WE 'd let all of them fail at the same time ? 
Sometimes life does n't give you any good options , and you have to choose the least bad one . 
Surely you ran into situations like that running your business , when you had to make a hard choice between the lesser of two evils ? 
Yes , the stimulus \* has \* worked , just not enough . 
We 've been over this at length already , do PRAGMATIST need to go over the CBO reports , unemployment and GDP figures , independent economic analyzes , surveys of economists , and all of that \* again \* ? 
This will be , what , the fourth time now ? 
Something like that . 
You had no answer to all that evidence before , do you have one now ? 
As for the way Democrats are running their campaigns this year , PRAGMATIST have to admit PRAGMATIST am completely mystified . 
But then political campaigns are often not governed by reason and facts ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2004
I 'm not much for laying blame either . 
But in this case , the blame is on `` THE GOVT , '' the same people you hope will fix WHAT THEY BROKE ! 
Not Democrats , Not Republicans , not liberals , not conservatives -------- POLITICIANS of both parties caused our recession , unknowingly , and have no knowledge of how to fix -------- . 
Over and over , and over again , MY post like liberal OPINIONS ARE FACTS , OVER are not facts same as my posting are n't facts unless I can point to a proof . 
You say Stimulus HAS worked , just not enough . 
That is FAILURE . 
That is the rewarding of the mediocre as liberals are wont to do . 
TRYING is just trying . 
DOING is accomplishment . 
What happens if this company fails or that company fails ? 
SOMETHING ELSE TAKES THEIR PLACE . 
That is the free market . 
obamalama said GM must not fail , Many of your ` esteemed ' economists said GM must not fail . 
GM did fail and is still an unconstitutional Government manufacturing company . 
In the process of becoming a Govt manufacturing co. , `` THE GOVT , '' violated long existing bankruptcy laws as MANY were inconvenient to the Govt . 
Bond holders got screwed , the taxpayer got screwed , and GM was GIFTED to the UAW in exchange for votes . 
And `` THE GOVT '' that you place SO much faith in , sweetened the pot for the UAW and GIFTED $ 60 BILLION in cash in addition to the bailout billions . 
Then this same wonderful GOVT claims that GM paid back all of the bailout . 
Yes BILLIONS did , BILLIONS paid GOVT back with part of the $ 60 billion in WORTHLESS STOCK `` THE GOVT '' purchased for GM . 
Stock presently worth $ 00.75 , IF STOCK were traded . 
AND THAT IS A FACT !! 
AND `` THE GOVT , '' GAVE Chrysler to FIAT . 
Someday we will learn why , other than somehow helping the UAW more . 
How much do you REFUSE to see ? 
There is much , much more . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2005
I would never buy a car that was Government owned , I wont give the reasons why ... But I think the Republic is smart enough to know ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2006
Translation : JLB is far too smart for me . 
ME tried tangling with him , and HIM handed ME ME ass . 
ME intend to stay on the porch and not run with the big dogs , and ME suggest you do the same . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2007
Translation : 
CURRENTPOSTID 2009
Ok . 
Thanks for the input . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2011
You would , would n't you ? 
Or at least stop making predictions ... I guess some people never learn . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2012
Dan , breaking the economy and fixing ECONOMY are two different things . 
While what was done wrong to get us here is important to learn from in making decisions in the future , giving the economy a boost now \* is \* something US know how to do . 
Fiscal stimulus has been being used successfully by administrations of both parties since the Great Depression . 
And as I 've already shown , there is ample evidence that the stimulus \* has \* helped the economy . 
You insist on clinging to the sliver of uncertainty inherent in everything in life just because you do n't like where the evidence leads . 
That 's your privilege , of course , but you ca n't expect anyone else to pay attention to you if that 's what you choose to do . 
If you hit a nail with a hammer , and the nail is only driven partway in , do you declare the hammer a failure and toss HAMMER away , or do you hit the nail again ? 
If \* one \* company is going under , then sure , let the market do MARKET thing , even if MARKET 's a really big one . 
But if there are a lot of large companies all going under at the same time ? 
As a thought experiment , consider the extreme case - if every company in the country failed at the same time . 
DISASTER would be a total disaster , right ? 
Each company that fails represents a hit to the economy . 
Individually , each failure is small enough that the economy as a whole can handle ECONOMY . 
But if you get too much at one time , especially if the economy is already weak , TIME can cause a real problem . 
The economy is resilient and can take a lot of punishment , but there is a limit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2014
You present the `` Doomsday Scenario , '' and of course , the result would be Doomsday , SURPRISE . 
The idea of bailing out Wall Street WAS to ease the credit crunch . 
They took the money and kept MONEY and now report record profits , while not easing credit at all . 
How many would have failed ? 
YOU DO NOT KNOW and DOOMSDAY do n't know and obamalama does n't know . 
But MONEY sure looks like crooked but not so smart politicians got hosed by crooked but smarter businessmen . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2015
I can see you ca n't stop thinking about I ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2016
Burger King is hiring . 
That would suit your capacity very well . 
Be all that you can be . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2017
FIRMS only meant it as a thought experiment to point out that if a lot of large companies all fail at once , that would have larger implications beyond just those companies . 
Obviously FIRMS 'm not suggesting that there 's any possibility that every company in the country could actually fail at the same time , that 's a rather silly scenario if taken literally . 
No , nobody knows how many would have failed if the government had done nothing . 
But we do know that Lehman Brothers \* did \* fail , and THAT had major repercussions for the entire economy , and helped push WE into recession . 
And WE do know that quite a few large financial firms were also in trouble at the same time . 
Would SCENARIO really have been worth the risk to do nothing ? 
And FIRMS 'm no happier about the behavior of a lot of those firms after THOSE got the bailout money then you are , but what can WE do ? 
Should Congress try to pass a law to make THOSE do the right thing ? 
Of course not , talk about government intruding on the market , and COURSE probably would n't work anyway . 
So the choice WE have is , do WE hold WE noses and help a bunch of undeserving schmucks solely because THOSE 've managed to worm THOSE way into important positions , or do WE let THOSE go down and take the risk THOSE 'll take the rest of down with THOSE ? 
Besides , a lot of the TARP money has been paid back , and FIRMS believe the program is actually expected to turn a nice profit for the taxpayer when all is said and done . 
As for the stimulus ... If each time you hit the nail TIME 's driven in just a tiny bit , even if AMOUNT 's a microscopic amount , after a trillion hits you 'll have moved the nail appreciably , even if TIME 's not been driven all the way home yet . 
Besides , what else are you going to do if you toss the hammer aside ? 
Try to drive in the nail with your mind ? 
-LRB- j\/k -RRB- We 've gone from a major recession with a shrinking economy shedding jobs at a breathtaking rate to a stagnant economy with stable yet unacceptably high unemployment . 
That \* is \* progress , even if WE still have a long way to go yet . 
And there is plenty of evidence , as FIRMS 've shown , that the stimulus helped . 
When PLENTY comes to the campaign ... -LRB- shrugs -RRB- What can FIRMS say ? 
Democrats are a bunch of wimps ? 
FIRMS really do n't know what 's going on with them . 
FIRMS 've heard some talking heads on TV speculate that the people running the campaigns think that , `` FIRMS may be bad , but FIRMS would have been a lot worse if FIRMS 'd done nothing , '' is too complicated an argument to get across in a campaign . 
FIRMS 've no idea if PEOPLE had any idea what PEOPLE were talking about or not . 
It seems like the Democrats lost the spin war and just kinda gave up . 
Do n't ask FIRMS why . 
WAR seems to FIRMS -LRB- yes , this is purely FIRMS impression -RRB- that people are upset about the economy and scared for PEOPLE future . 
Which is , of course , completely understandable and justified . 
But a lot of times people who are scared and upset react more emotionally , maybe the Dems are afraid that people are too emotional right now to listen to facts and figures ? 
FIRMS really do n't know , FIRMS 'm purely speculating here . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2018
They have you thoroughly and completely brainwashed . 
The liberal party line , the public is confused , the public is scared , the public is emotional . 
And here you are , insulting us just like your masters do . 
US are not confused , US know what is going on . 
US are not afraid . 
US are a bit emotional , PISSED about being talked down to by an incompetent idiot whose strings are being pulled by Soros , pissed about being insulted , pissed about being told US do n't know what US 're doing , and pissed about the bastardization of the American Dream . 
And pissed about The Communist idea of `` redistribution of the wealth . '' 
And pissed about ruinous wasteful spending with NO plan to pay AND back . 
Pissed about a long string of lies , bribes , earmarks , and technicalities used to pass a health-care INSURANCE bill that up to 70 % of the nation does not want . 
So yes we are emotional to get this puppet clown out of power and then out of office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2019
I 'm sorry if what I said sounded condescending or insulting , that was n't I intent at all . 
So please accept I apology , I retract what I said about IDEA . 
However , I do question whether IDEA 's a good idea to judge what 's going on in the real world based on what politicians say , especially politicians running for office . 
Wait a minute Dan , that almost sounds like you 're complaining about the government \* not \* spending money . 
LOL Is n't LOL a good thing if THING took less money to deal with the problem then was originally thought ? 
I do n't know for sure how much , if any , of the bailout money has been paid back , and I do n't really want to argue about MUCH . 
-LRB- To be honest , I just do n't feel like doing the work to come up with hard numbers . -RRB- 
That 's not really the point . 
TARP was designed to keep the financial system from completely collapsing , which SYSTEM did . 
Do you think liberals \* wanted \* to bail out Wall Street ? 
We had to do STREET because the danger of severe damage to the economy was too great . 
Besides , Dan , what would you be saying now about the government 's incompetence if the bailouts had n't happened , and NOW had dropped the floor out from under the economy ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2020
Once again , unrelentingly , you present opinions as facts . 
The floor DID drop out of the economy . 
Would FLOOR have been worse , OR NOT ? 
We do not know . 
But WE do know that the problems WERE caused by politicians . 
To push the politicians to the side and LET the FREE MARKET WORK , could have been the much wiser thing to do . 
But while there is no proof of that , neither is there any proof that letting the people that caused the problems continue to manipulate the free market to POLITICIANS own ends was wise either . 
WE ARE where WE are now . 
And the people in power now have had and do have but one single plan . 
BORROW MORE , SPEND MORE BORROWED MONEY ! 
Sorry that you are unable to realize that the majority of Americans do not agree with that `` plan . 
`` This from a liberal site :10 \/ 04\/2010The federal government &#8217; s unpopular &#8211; and often vilified &#8212; $ 700 billion bailout program officially came to an end when the clock struck midnight early Monday morning . 
The Troubled Asset Relief Program &#8217; s -LRB- TARP -RRB- formal sunset date means that no new programs will be funded under the initiative and no more money will be doled out to prop up ailing banks , although existing programs &#8211; such as the government &#8217; s foreclosure prevention efforts &#8211; will continue to run S course with the money that &#8217; s already been allotted . 
Capitalists , tax-paying Americans , and even lawmakers who voted for the bill that made TARP possible two yearsago to the day have criticized the government &#8217; s massive intervention in the financial system . 
Initially , this monumental rescue effort was expected to cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars &#8211; a figure that prompted outcries and protests across the nation . 
But with banks now turning a profit and repaying TAXPAYERS TARP dollars , and even the automakers and insurance giant AIG expected to be able to pay back at least part of TAXPAYERS capital injections , the program &#8217; s price tag has shrunk to a fraction of that . 
The latest reports on the Treasury &#8217; s estimates put the total cost of TARP at less than $ 50 billion . 
Some officials have even gone so far as to say OFFICIALS expect the government &#8217; s bailout efforts to actually turn a profit for taxpayers when all is said and done . 
Numbers released by the Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- in August are not too far off from the Treasury &#8217; s figures . 
CBO &#8217; s assessment is that TARP will carry an expense of $ 66 billion . 
Treasury says $ 50 billion , CBO says $ 66 billion , liberal writer says , `` not too far off . '' 
Just $ 16,000,000,000.00 OFFTHEY-DON ` T-KNOW - WHAT-THEY-ARE-DOING ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2022
NO ! 
BigBob ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2024
You 've made a lot of assertions . 
However , you have provided zero in the way of supporting facts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2025
I dont eat raw meat , and I wont vote for Obama either ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2026
-LRB- quote = Dan40 ; 3076858 -RRB- More of the ` standard ' liberal game plan , `` Always attempt to twist any conservatives words to mean what you know 100 % they did not mean . '' 
-LRB- quote -RRB- Take DAN40 easy , Dan , that was meant as a purely humorous remark . 
You 'll note the LOL on the end ? 
And once again , unrelentingly , you try to avoid reality by calling ONCE an opinion and pretending that makes ONCE equally valid to claim that the stimulus hurt the economy . 
That makes as much sense as saying that the idea of a round Earth is an opinion -LRB- which ONCE is -RRB- and therefore it is equally valid to say that the Earth is flat . 
Why are you so determined to cling to an idea that both all the evidence and your own theory says is wrong ? 
37 % of the stimulus was tax breaks , and YOU have yet to hear \* anyone \* claim that tax cuts do n't stimulate the economy . 
YOU 've repeatedly challenged you to come up with a single shred of evidence that says the stimulus did n't help the economy and you 've repeatedly utterly and completely failed . 
In any case , are you seriously suggesting that if the financial sector had completely collapsed that things would n't have been much , much worse ? 
As in Great Depression levels of worse ? 
Is that 100 % absolutely certain ? 
Of course not , nothing in life is . 
COURSE 's not 100 % absolutely certain the sun will rise in the East tomorrow morning . 
Yes , politicians are human and fallible , and yes ONES do n't entirely know what ONES 're doing . 
Just like everyone else in the world . 
Here 's a news flash for EVERYONE , Dan , the free market is made up of humans who are just as fallible and just as often do n't know what ONES 're doing . 
Nobody forced the banks to make all those subprime mortgages , nobody forced the banks to encourage people to borrow more then PEOPLE could afford , and no one forced PEOPLE to bundle those bad debts as derivatives that have lead to so much grief . 
The politicians bear a lot of blame for getting us where US are . 
So does the market . 
Your argument about `` Why should YOUR trust politicians to get YOUR out of this mess when ONES 're the ones who got YOUR in MESS , '' can just as easily be applied to the market . 
There is no one single villain in this story , and there 's no single quick fix , either . 
And as for the $ 16,000,000,000.00 , you seem to have no sense of scale when SENSE comes to money . 
that sum can just as easily be expressed as 0.016 petadollars or as 1,600,000,000,000,000 millicents . 
So what ? 
Changing units and moving a decimal point to make something look bigger or smaller is a silly tactic . 
The difference between 50 and 66 is not huge , especially when you 're talking about estimates of something there is a \* lot \* of uncertainty about . 
Even if DIFFERENCE is in billions of dollars . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2027
Ummm ... say what ... ?!?!?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2028
The statement is perfectly coherent . 
You need to read STATEMENT again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2029
And , as is normally the case with liberal meme 's , CASE is completely divorced from reality . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2030
Is it ? 
And as is normally the case with the right wing meme , CASE is completely divorced from the truth . 
No one did force the banks to do those things . 
So what exactly was objectionable about the statement , other than it was a reality which clashed with your preconceived notions . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2031
The fact that the statement was about as divorced from reality as STATEMENT could get . 
Of course , you live in opposite world , so we do n't expect you to understand . 
Banks were indeed pressured into giving low income -LRB- read sub-prime -RRB- loans . 
People were widely encouraged to enter into home ownership , despite the fact that PEOPLE could not afford OWNERSHIP , and it was the GSEs , through government pressure , that started the entire practice of sub-prime bundling . 
So yeah ... What SUB-PRIME said was true , if by `` true '' you mean `` completely false '' . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2032
Almost everything THEY say here is an easily disproven lie . 
Pressured ? 
No they were n't . 
The government was involved in the subprime industry , but 85 % of all subprime mortgages were issues by private industries . 
http:\/\/www.mcclatchydc.com\/2008\/10\/1...ixzz12xTyWY91AI suggest you read this as well . 
http:\/\/knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu\/a...articleid=1812The reality is , the largest role government played in the creation and collapse of the housing bubble , was keeping interests far too low for far too long . 
Not Fannie and Freddy , nor government forcing banks to give loans -LRB- REALITY did n't happen -RRB- , etc. Securitization of debt was also not something forced on the banks by government . 
GOVERNMENT has a long history , and I can not imagine where you came up with the idea that IDEA was forced onto anyone by banks -LRB- for future reference , FUTURE is best to provide links to support such absurd claims -RRB- . 
Read up a bit on GOVERNMENT 's history . 
http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/SecuritizationSubprime bundling is 100 % a phenomenon of private institutions . 
You really need to either educate yourself and read up on these issues , or stop reading dishonest sources that lie and distort the facts . 
The reality is government certainly had a role to play in causing this crisis , but they were not the only catalyst , nor the main catalyst . 
There is plenty of blame to share between government , banks , and people who took out debt THEY could n't possible service . 
Your schewed dishonest partisan view of the issue , means it is best not to make declarative statements , because when VIEW comes to this issue , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2033
The government was the initial mover of sub-prime loans . 
ONES were the ones that initially pushed banks into issuing loans , and , because those loans were so risky , ONES pushed the GSEs into bundling ONES to mitigate the risk . 
No one in the private sector wanted to touch that market , originally . 
It was the GSEs , with ONES wink and a nod hint that these bundles would be insured by the government against loss , that spurred the initial private investor involvement . 
The only truth at all to your words is that the private sector and Wall Street investors were deeply involved by the time SECTOR all crashed . 
TRUTH had taken a life of TRUTH 's own in the private markets , leaving the GSEs with less than half of all bundling . 
But INVOLVEMENT was government involvement in the markets that got the ball rolling , in the first place . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2035
Sometimes Dan seems to have a bit of a tendency to sound like government is always the cause of all problems , and letting the free market operate unfettered is the solution to everything . 
My point was simply that the mess we find WE in was not caused simply by Washington ordering banks and other institutions to make unwise financial decisions . 
Bad policy decisions in the government certainly played a role , but decisions made in the private sector were a big big factor in causing the recession . 
Just pointing out there 's plenty of blame to go around . 
Like Alan Greenspan said about the behavior of mortgage lenders , Those of WE who have looked to the self-interest of lending institutions to protect shareholders equity , MY included , are in a state of shocked disbelief . 
http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/2008\/10\/24\/bu...y\/24panel.html 
CURRENTPOSTID 2037
Still using the NY Times liberal propaganda machine as a source ? 
NYT long ago stopped paying any attention to TRUTH . 
Use better , less biased sources . 
You do not see me using Fox News as a source for the same reason . 
Is the Govt strictly to blame ? 
VERY NEARLY . 
Yes the private sector did jump in and take FULL advantage of the license to steal that the Govt gave them . 
Should that come as a surprise ? 
Had the Govt NOT created the atmosphere and opportunity for near illegal business practices , the private sector would not have BEEN ABLE to take advantage of a situation that did not exist . 
Being the old fart that ME am , ME remember the days when bankers were the most cautious business people around . 
The old joke was that to get a loan , you had to prove to the banker that you absolutely did not need the money ! 
If you did not have 20 % down and excellent credit and a good and permanent job , RENT . 
Because you would not get a loan . 
Bankers had no intention of changing PEOPLE attitudes and practices , the Govt insisted that ALL had a right to own a house whether PEOPLE could afford HOUSE or not . 
As totally stupid as that sounds , our elected representatives actually said such things . 
And REQUIRED that bankers act toward that end . 
Do you leave your car running with the doors and windows open and the keys in CAR , parked on a downtown street while you go shopping ? 
NO , you do n't . 
But that is what the Govt did with the mortgage and financial industries . 
Yes the private sector still had to be dishonest and drive away in the car , so they are not blameless . 
ME know ME to be absolutely honest , but ME 've never been tempted with BILLIONS with no fear of prosecution . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2039
Well , that would be one of my problems with Greenspan . 
Because once the government implied that THAT would back those bundles against loss , even though it was n't supposed to be true , ONCE opened the door to full fledged involvement of the markets . 
Of course , ONCE was reckless , but THAT were doing what the government wanted THAT to do . 
A lot of people saw the problem develop and tried to put a stop to STOP . 
Sad that Greenspan was astonished by LOT all . 
That self-interest of the lending institutions had the government interest of pushing the sub-prime loans super-imposed on top of SELF-INTEREST . 
What really galls me is to see Obama , of all people , wag OBAMA finger at the banks , as if OBAMA had no personal involvement in the entire mess . 
And now , we 're supposed to forget what started NOW all , and accept Obama 's tired analogy of Republicans driving the car into the ditch . 
NOW 's quite ridiculous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2040
Your logic is completely flawed . 
If not for government , the environment to do these sorts of things would have happened naturally . 
With no restrictions in place , THINKERS would have done the same thing . 
Without restriction , a license to steal exists naturally , only curbed by others ability to use force to protect THINKERS assets . 
Government NEVER required banks to do what THINKERS did . 
THINKERS did NEVER because THINKERS were short term thinkers who ignored the long term consequences of THINKERS actions , in order to gain the short term benefits . 
That has nothing to do with government , and everything to do with the modern business environment . 
The assumption that underlies most right wing economic thought is that we assume rational actors . 
The reality is , that assumption can not accurately be made . 
People 's actions are far too often irrational to make that assumption . 
The irrationality of the actions of bankers and people taking loans , combined with the artificially low interest rates -LRB- an idea advanced by Friedman -RRB- , created this mess . 
So government had a role to play , but to say that very nearly all blame lies with government is beyond absurd . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2041
Oh , for crying out loud , Dan , DAN was only citing the NY Times to source the Greenspan quote , and DAN only used that because it was the first source Google found for DAN . 
Since there 's no real dispute about what GREENSPAN said , DAN did n't feel the need to wade through the minutes of the Congressional hearing GREENSPAN said CONGRESSIONAL at . 
: PAnd do n't GREENSPAN see the irony of accusing the government of encouraging `` near illegal business practices '' considering that DISPUTE 's only the government 's actions that make illegal practices illegal in the first place ? 
Errr , what personal involvement ? 
Obama was strictly a private citizen before Jan 2005 , and not involved in the financial sector at all . 
And while DAN 'm certainly not an expert , DAN do n't recall any important financial legislation going through the Senate between then and Jan 2009 . 
Unless someone can correct DAN on that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2042
I certainly can . 
Although many other Senators and Representatives had a much deeper involvement with blocking meaningful reform at the GSEs , Obama himself was one of the top five recipients of funds from the GSEs during OBAMA term as Senator . 
During that time , Senate Bill 190 was released from committee favorably to the floor , but was never brought to debate because the Democrats made BILL very clear that SENATORS were in lockstep opposition to OPPOSITION , and Republicans did not have enough votes to push for TIME on SENATORS own . 
Obama was one of those Senators . 
http:\/\/www.govtrack.us\/users\/questio...=bill:s109-190This is the bill that McCain unsuccessfully sought to revive during the election , and Obama refused to do so , even though , by then , the problem was VERY apparent to anyone that was paying attention to PROBLEM , and had grown far worse even just since the bill was first released from committee . 
Now , that does nothing to say that Obama was anywhere near as involved as certain others , especially Dodd , who had so much involvement with the housing crash that OBAMA literally retired at the end of OBAMA term . 
But Mr. Obama 's current rhetoric on the causes of our economic situation simply flies in the face of reality , and OBAMA is far more culpable for the situation than OBAMA would like anyone to believe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2043
Not at this point he cant make up HE mind ! 
HE is screwing up the economy ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2044
No matter how tempting it may be to pee off the idiot left or right , I will not participate in the circus which is dragging our country down . 
read I signiture 
CURRENTPOSTID 2045
Odd you would say that with a melon head like Biden as Vice President . 
When the man opens MAN mouth ... flies fly out !! 
, not IN !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2047
No matter how tempting it may be to pee off the idiot left or right , I will not participate in the circus which is dragging our country down . 
read I signiture 
CURRENTPOSTID 2048
You might want to extensively research this : From the Orlando paper : `` Gore was right that foundations will play a key role in keeping the climate scam alive as evidence of outright climate fraud grows , just as YOU were critical in the beginning when the Joyce Foundation in 2000 and 2001 provided the seed money to start the Chicago Climate Exchange . 
THIS started trading in 2003 , and what THIS trades is , essentially , air . 
More specifically perhaps , hot air . 
The Chicago Climate Exchange -LRB- CCX -RRB- advertises EXCHANGE as `` North America 's only cap-and-trade system for all six greenhouse gases , with global affiliates and projects worldwide . '' 
Barack Obama served on the board of the Joyce Foundation from 1994 to 2002 when the CCX startup grants were issued . 
As president , pushing cap-and-trade is one of his highest priorities . 
Now is n't that special ? 
`` The CCX is supposed to become worth $ 10 TRILLION if Cap 'n' Trade is passed . 
OBAMA 'd say that is very close to the private citizen BHO , being involved in international financial matters . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2050
How bizarre ... vote for the abject failure , not the one who has n't yet had a chance ... who actually has more real world political and executive experience than the failure . 
This is really the mindset that you carry through life ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2051
All we can do is chuckle , anymore . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2052
Errr , that 's a teeny bit off topic , Dan - we were talking about the economy , the financial industry , and the stimulus , not climate change or cap and trade . 
But since you brought ERRR up ... `` Climate scam '' ? 
`` Climate fraud '' ? 
And you accuse liberals of drinking kool-aid ? 
Come on Dan , the debate over the reality of climate change is over . 
DEBATE ended 29 August 2005 . 
The evidence that DEBATE is happening is absolutely overwhelming at this point , and trying to pretend there 's a scientific debate about EVIDENCE is about on a level with the big tobacco execs going before Congress back in the 80 's and saying that EXECS did n't believe that EXECS product is addictive or causes disease . 
If you 're thinking of the so called climategate email - the one that said something about finding a trick to hide the decline - I 'm afraid you 've been bamboozeled . 
That was one email out of more then a thousand , taken completely out of context and given a heaping helping of innuendo . 
Using those methods , you could make almost anyone look like an ax murderer . 
The trick was as in , `` Hey , YOU just learned a great new trick for solving differential equations , '' and the general context was a discussion of finding a way to integrate very different kinds of data into a coherent whole . 
Which usually ai n't easy , let I tell you . 
The people involved in that email have had PEOPLE work gone over with a fine toothed comb , and absolutely no wrong doing or data manipulation has been found . 
The worst PEOPLE were guilty of was griping about having to hand PEOPLE raw data over to someone PEOPLE felt would misuse WORST . 
And even if you chose not to believe that , you could throw out the entire life 's work of those guys and there would still be a mountain of evidence saying that climate change is real and CHANGE is happening . 
In some cases literal mountains - alpine glaciers have been retreating dramatically around the world for decades . 
You have the historical climate records of the last century or two , ice cores from Greenland , Antarctica , and alpine glaciers from around the world , tree ring data from around the world , lake and ocean sediment evidence from around the world - all of which point to the exact same thing : CO2 levels in the atmosphere have spiked and temperatures are rising dramatically . 
The debate now is about how bad the effects are really going to be , and how much we can and should do about DEBATE . 
And even if you still insist on denying climate change , how can you seriously argue that getting off of fossil fuels , particularly oil , is an important and urgent priority ? 
Being depending on oil imports form the Middle East has big and obvious political and economic effects . 
And WE 've hit peak oil - even with improving technology the total amount of oil produced is going to start an inexorable decline from now on . 
That plus the surging demand for oil from rapidly developing parts of the world like India and China ... supply and demand , anyone ? 
And before you start saying that the market will take care of MARKET ... WE 've known since the 70 's that WE need to get off of oil , and what has the private sector done about MARKET ? 
Not a thing . 
WE 've been sitting on WE thumbs for decades . 
The Brazilians , for example , have not . 
They decided after the oil shocks of the 70 's that THEY were going to be energy independent , and guess what ? 
THEY are . 
Thanks to determined action , the Brazilian economy mostly runs on home grown sugar cane ethanol - THEY import virtually no oil at all . 
Oil prices are going to start going up inexorably from now on , that 's just a fact of life . 
If that rise is gradual , sure , then the market will be able to deal with RISE . 
But what if RISE 's not gradual ? 
We saw just a few years ago that prices can spike dramatically in a very short amount of time , even without things like terrorism or international politics getting involved . 
What if oil prices double in a month - for several months in a row ? 
Is that a risk worth taking ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2053
Once again you do ONCE . 
There are 2 paragraphs highlighted . 
You pick the first onlt and then drone on and on with opinion stated as fact . 
Your unceasing habit . 
You believe Climate Change to be a reality , but no such FACTUAL reality has been proven . 
I 'm not saying CHANGE is not real , I 'm very doubtful as climate does fluctuate , but I do n't know either way . 
But you ignored the second and more important paragraph . 
If BHO IS deeply involved in the CCX , then BHO serves only BHO bank account when talking about energy bills , not the USA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2054
And once again you do ONCE , trying to ignore inconvenient facts by labeling them as opinions . 
ONCE is a fact that the evidence for anthropogenic climate change is overwhelming , not an opinion , and even cursory research would tell you that . 
And you completely ignore the fact that the real concrete goal of cap and trade is to get us off of fossil fuels . 
But , since you want me to directly address President Obama 's personal involvement in CCX , let 's review : Noungrant -LRB- plural grants -RRB- 1 . 
The act of granting ; a bestowing or conferring ; concession ; allowance ; permission .2 . 
The yielding or admission of something in dispute .3 . 
The thing or property granted ; a gift ; a boon .4 . 
A transfer of property by deed or writing ; especially , au appropriation or conveyance made by the government ; as , a grant of land or of money ; also , the deed or writing by which the transfer is made . 
Nounfoundation -LRB- plural foundations -RRB- 4 . 
A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution , and constituting a permanent fund ; endowment .5 . 
That which is founded , or established by endowment ; an endowed institution or charity . 
You will note the distinct lack of words like `` loan '' `` investment '' or `` repayment '' in these definitions . 
How then does the Joyce Foundation have any financial interest in the worth of CCX ? 
And even if they did , how would that financially benefit President Obama ? 
Being a former board member does not give MEMBER a financial stake in FOUNDATION . 
And even if MEMBER did have some sort of investment in STAKE , which ME do n't think is even possible with a charitable foundation , Obama 's assets have been put in a blind trust , like all Presidents . 
So , Dan , ME 'm afraid your logic fails not once , not twice , but three times . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2055
Naive , to infinity . 
CCX is not a charitable foundation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2056
Nooooo , but the Joyce Foundation is . 
And you still have three gaps in your argument to bridge . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2057
Not too many take out newspaper adds of their corruption . 
THEIR do n't want you liberals looking too foolish . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2059
You must be independently wealthy ! 
You are not seeing what real citizens see ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2063
HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 
LEARN TO SPELL !! 
Please - use a frickin ' dictionary - you might do better in your business . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2064
hAAAAA , LEARN TOO GET A GOOD JOB , YOU PROBABLY DONT NEED ONE BUT i DO , MY EMOLYEES DO ok YOUR JUST a DIFFERENT BIRD ! 
your FUNNY , BUT NOT AT THIS TIME WHEN PEOPLE AND BUSINESSES ARE HURTING ... jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2065
ATHENA ! 
fUNNY AND BRILLIANT ! 
DONT LET ANYONE GET YOU DOWN ! 
JOLLEE KEEP FUNNY UP , YOU ARE INTELLEGENT ! 
JOLLEE 
CURRENTPOSTID 2067
IF I HAD CERTAINITY IN THE ECONOMY , I WOULD NOT HIRE YOU ... our EMPLOYEES OUR LIKE FAMILY ... OUR PAY FOR THEIR GLASSES THEIR COUSINS OPERATION , THEIR DAUGHTERS LEG BRACE ETC. ... YOU ARE ONE WHO WOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED PART OF THIS BUSINESS FAMILY ... YOU WOULD NEVER BE HIRED , TOO PROTECT OUR FAMILY NOW , WE CAN NOT HIRE ANYONE ! 
WE PROTECT OUR OWN TWENTY FIVE EMPLOYEES SALARY , YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO NONE ! 
YOUR EMPLOYMENSHIP WOULD BE CONSIDERED A LOOSER ! 
JOLLEE 
CURRENTPOSTID 2069
Love your philosophy , PHILOSOPHY a shame really ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2070
Climate change !!!!!!!!!!! 
Now I 'm more than a bit older than you , but still I 've been around for well less than a century . 
A mere 70 years . 
In that time I 've lived thru : A cold period in a general warming trend . 
A warming period in a general cooling trend . 
A very warm period of a general warming trend . 
A very cold period of a general cooling trend . 
Stable periods in a generally unstable climate . 
Unstable periods in a generally stable climate . 
ALL of the above have been `` official '' decrees by learned people that study such climatic events . 
All of the above are not possible in one short lifetime , yet PEOPLE all have been official proclamations . 
Now we are told that WE have warmed up a small part of A DEGREE since 1900 . 
Less than one half of one degree warmer now than HALF was 110 years ago . 
In order for that to be true , WE must assume that temperature recordings in 1900 were accurate to within less than one half of one degree . 
So do you BELIEVE that temp recordings 110 years ago were accurate to within 100 % to 99.75 % I have very serious doubts that they were . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2071
Well , in order to decide what to make of something like changing pronouncements on where the climate is going , CLIMATE helps to understand a bit about the nature of science . 
Science is never absolutely certain , and is never finished . 
The basic premise of science is to admit that neither a researcher or their instruments can ever be perfect - you do the best you can , make an estimate of how close you figure you probably got to the truth , and then leave the best record you can as a guide to the next person to come along and tackle the problem . 
That 's true of even the most well established and respected theories in science . 
Take the theory of gravity - PREMISE does n't get much more certain then gravity , does THEORY ? 
And yet just a few years ago NASA sent up a satellite called Gravity Probe B to try and poke holes in B . 
As far as scientists are concerned , YEARS 's a win win - if SCIENTISTS can find holes , then SCIENTISTS can address SCIENTISTS and make the theory better , and if SCIENTISTS ca n't , YEARS increases the confidence SCIENTISTS have in the theory . 
So I 'm not really sure what `` official pronouncements '' you may have heard , but I can guarantee that no peer reviewed article would have made such a claim with absolute certainty . 
In fact , I figure NO 's more then likely that what you heard was n't coming from scientists at all ; it was probably the news media taking some tentative research and blowing RESEARCH up to make a good headline . 
You know how people complain that one day scientists say that food X will make you live a hundred years , and the next day PEOPLE 're saying ONE 'll kill you ? 
That 's not science doing that , that 's the media . 
A scientist will say , `` Well , after following so many people for so many years who were eating so much of food X , YOU saw the following outcomes . '' 
Science is in the business of dealing with very complex and hard to understand things , BUSINESS 's in the business of nuance . 
As I think PEOPLE all know , the news media does n't much care for complexity or nuance . 
So , does all this apply to climate change ? 
Yes . 
Are scientists absolutely certain that human caused climate change is happening ? 
No. . 
Could NO. turn out later that this was all a big mistake , a misinterpretation of faulty data or something ? 
Absolutely . 
Then why should we listen to warnings of climate change ? 
Because life never gives WE certainties , and all WE can do is make the best decisions WE can with what WE have . 
Generally speaking , science gets better as time goes on . 
What a scientist says today is going to be more reliable then what they were saying yesterday . 
Global warming has been a major topic of research for a good thirty years now , and as time goes on , the evidence that TIME is happening has mounted , and the uncertainties shrunken , until today there is consensus in the scientific community that the evidence overwhelmingly says EVIDENCE is happening . 
TOPIC 's about as certain as science ever gets about anything . 
In fact , the uncertainty is now so low that the American Association for the Advancement of Science -LRB- AAAS -RRB- and the National Academy of Sciences -LRB- NAS -RRB- have issued quite literally unprecedented statements about climate change . 
They 're saying that climate change is happening , ONES 're the ones doing QUESTION , QUESTION 's going to be bad , and we 'd better do something about QUESTION . 
The AAAS and NAS have \* never \* issued a call to action like that before , about anything . 
Why should you listen to NEVER ? 
Because NEVER 're the most prestigious , most well respected organizations of the smartest , most well informed , and geekiest people on the planet . 
NEVER 've been around since the mid nineteenth century and have huge reputations to protect - NEVER reputations are NEVER bread and butter . 
There are probably no organizations on the planet with a stronger reason to make sure NEVER never ever say anything that could later make NEVER look foolish . 
These guys are the crown jewels of science , and what GUYS say is about as close as you 're going to get to an official pronouncement of what science knows . 
If you 're not convinced by what GUYS say , then nothing from science will ever convince you of anything . 
And NOTHING 's not just the scientists . 
The Pentagon takes climate change so seriously that SCIENTISTS did n't even consider the question of PENTAGON reality in the February 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review -LRB- QDR -RRB- and went directly to considering how to deal with PENTAGON effects . 
There 's even an organization of major industries called US Climate Action Partnership calling for immediate action on the issue , that includes companies like Alcoa , Ford , GM , Chrysler , GE , Dow and Dupont . 
These are some of the companies that are going to be most directly effected by action to tackle climate change , and THESE 're saying we need to do QUESTION , now . 
If you 're not going to believe these guys , who are you going to believe ? 
Seriously , that 's not a rhetorical question . 
Who are you going to believe ? 
AAAS statement : http:\/\/www.aaas.org\/news\/releases\/20...tatement.shtmlNAS statement : http:\/\/www7.nationalacademies.org\/oc...get_Review.aspFeb 2010 QDR , p. 84 , Crafting a Strategic Approach to Climate and Energy http:\/\/www.defense.gov\/qdr\/QDR%20as%...N10%201600.pdfUSCAP homepage : http:\/\/www.us-cap.org\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2073
Youngster , many , , , , , , Thousands , , , , , , , , , , Maybe millions of very definitive statements were made by scientists , writers , reporters , mathematicians , farmers , etc. etc. . 
Definitive statements on about every subject imaginable . 
All before our present ridiculous `` Age of Political Correctness . '' 
Now none open THOUSANDS mouths without `` plausible deniability . 
`` The fact that few have the stones to make a statement today , does not mean that FACT was not commonly done in the past . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2074
Hey , I 'm not saying that scientists are n't just as human as everyone else . 
We all have a bad tendency to overstate WE certainty at times , including I . 
But the basic principles of the scientific method have been firmly established for centuries . 
And there 's a big difference between what a scientist may say in casual conversation , or even when being interviewed by a reporter , and what SCIENTISTS put in SCIENTISTS formal articles for peer reviewed publications . 
There is no such thing as absolute certainty , ever . 
None of YOU are infallible , and YOU all believe things now that will later turn out to be wrong . 
You SCIENTIST , everyone . 
And science is in the business of not only being aware of that inherent uncertainty in life , but to actually quantify BUSINESS . 
And the uncertainty YOU have in the reality of climate change is now really really small . 
I mean , think about UNCERTAINTY - is the Pentagon in the habit of chasing after the latest intellectual fad ? 
If the military takes climate change seriously enough to devote significant resources to planning for MILITARY effects , do n't you think that maybe you should take MILITARY seriously too ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2075
I know what you mean , old people are really dumb in America , and PEOPLE tend to be very politically correct when AMERICA comes to Israel . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2076
Why would I vote for the further destruction of I country ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2078
Maybe some teabagger you hate so much might come up and kick the -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- bag-in-chiefs ass in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2079
We are now 23 months out from the 2012 end of an error . 
At this point in time before the 2008 mistake , 23 unbelievable incompetence , obamalama had not announced 23 was running to destroy the presidency . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2081
Yes , the Republicans have a tall order to fill , but with Obama still at the helm , and Reid still in charge of the Senate , ORDER will most likely be gridlock , which is not so bad when you look at Obama 's agenda . 
There is still plenty of Democratic face in Washington . 
Not all of the cards are in the hands of Republicans . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2083
DanNO40 is just another disgruntled , military retiree who , like a drunk sailor , regurgitates SAILOR slurred , negative comments that lack substance and sources for authenticity . 
IOW , IOW 's mostly opinion and fetid hot air . 
As a matter of fact , DanNO actually makes Obama look brilliant by contrast . 
MATTER 's not that FAN am a die-hard Obama fan . 
FAN am not . 
But , considering the unnecessary concessions Obama has made to get bi-partisan support , FAN now concede that Obama probably will be a one-term President . 
Day-by-day , -LRB- The most recent pay freeze on Executive government employees insures that overworked , understaffed agencies will NOT be able to enforce current law , let alone any more that the Congress passes . -RRB- 
DAY-BY-DAY makes decisions that turn DAY-BY-DAY base support away from DAY-BY-DAY . 
That 's why the Dems lost the House : DAY-BY-DAY base deserted DAY-BY-DAY because of DAY-BY-DAY timid response to the teabag party and everything EMPLOYEES and the remaining follow-the-herd Republicans stand far . 
The most probable Republican to win the nomination in 2012 is Jeb Bush . 
REPUBLICAN 'll be able to beat Obama because the Dems are too timid -LRB- read politically inept -RRB- to nominate a candidate with a stainless steel backbone and political acumen sufficient to beat the Fox News corporate , propaganda machine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2086
A blind drunken lemming well beyond 100 % supportive of the incompetent obamalama denies that OBAMALAMA is a completely brainwashed supporter of the presidential idiot no matter what SUPPORTER fxxks up now and forever , accuses OBAMALAMA of `` slurred '' comments ? 
You may find REPUBLICAN comments NOT to your liking but they are certainly not ` slurred . 
` And as proof of your mindless support in spite of facts to the contrary , REPUBLICAN cite your own statement , '' unnecessary concessions Obama has made to get bi-partisan support , '' . 
The incompetent idiot obamalama has made NO bi-partisan efforts other than lip service to those words . 
ALL of his actions have been completely leftist partisanship actions . 
OBAMALAMA has made NO concessions , no compromises , no negotiations . 
OBAMALAMA has asked that Republicans -LRB- and REPUBLICAN 'm NOT a Republican -RRB- to show bi-partisanship by capitulating and agreeing with OBAMALAMA idiocy . 
That is what left wing idiots see as a bi-partisan effort . 
EFFORT is a insult to the other party no matter who does EFFORT . 
Dum-dum obamalama has not served a day in the White House where OBAMALAMA has needed a single Republican vote on anything and OBAMALAMA has not received a single Republican vote that got a bill passed . 
The Democrats have been coerced , bribed , and earmarked into voting for what OBAMALAMA wanted . 
Do NOT try to blame ANY of the bills passed the last 2 years on Republicans . 
The blame is totally Democrat . 
Since Jan. 3 2007 , The Democratic Party has had and does have until Jan 2011 , TOTAL control of both houses of Congress . 
Republicans could neither vote a bill down nor block a vote on a bill since 1\/3\/2007 . 
And to finalize your utter wrongness . 
REPUBLICAN am retired and REPUBLICAN did serve in the military and am honorably discharged . 
But REPUBLICAN 'm a retired businessman , not a retired military officer . 
REPUBLICAN served honorably and well and then moved on with REPUBLICAN life . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2087
No , I want a healthy economy ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2089
I would love a Libertarian too kick LIBERTARIAN ass ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2091
-LRB- Originally Posted by Sassy DanNO40 is just another disgruntled , military retiree who , like a drunk sailor , regurgitates SAILOR slurred , negative comments that lack substance and sources for authenticity . 
IOW , IOW 's mostly opinion and fetid hot air . 
As a matter of fact , DanNO actually makes Obama look brilliant by contrast . 
MATTER 's not that FAN am a die-hard Obama fan . 
FAN am not . 
But , considering the unnecessary concessions Obama has made to get bi-partisan support , FAN now concede that Obama probably will be a one-term President . 
Day-by-day , -LRB- The most recent pay freeze on Executive government employees insures that overworked , understaffed agencies will NOT be able to enforce current law , let alone any more that the Congress passes . -RRB- 
DAY-BY-DAY makes decisions that turn DAY-BY-DAY base support away from DAY-BY-DAY . 
That 's why the Dems lost the House : DAY-BY-DAY base deserted DAY-BY-DAY because of DAY-BY-DAY timid response to the teabag party and everything EMPLOYEES and the remaining follow-the-herd Republicans stand far . 
The most probable Republican to win the nomination in 2012 is Jeb Bush . 
REPUBLICAN 'll be able to beat Obama because the Dems are too timid -LRB- read politically inept -RRB- to nominate a candidate with a stainless steel backbone and political acumen sufficient to beat the Fox News corporate , propaganda machine . -RRB- 
FAN reproduce FAN original post so that there is no doubt about what FAN said before one reads DanNO40 's post , quoted above . 
First , if DanNO was a military officer , FAN now understand why the current crop -LRB- over the last 60 years -RRB- of military officers are idealogical Puritans compared to those that led us after WWII . 
The current horse hockey rampage over DADT is indicative of the bigotry and intolerance -LRB- and perhaps , `` homophobia '' fears OFFICERS conceal in OFFICERS hearts -RRB- these 18th century ideologues have instilled in the minds of the lay public at large . 
If gays of either gender are openly accepted , GAYS inappropriate sexual behavior will be no more condoned\/tolerated than that of inappropriate heterosexual behavior . 
To quote a popular President , `` GAYS have nothing to fear but fear BEHAVIOR ! 
`` As for DanNO 's claim to be a businessman , PRESIDENT 'd say the business community 's behavior since WWII is nothing about which to be proud , i.e. the systematic `` bubble '' to `` burst '' to recession and subsequent climatic downward spiral for the Middle Class . 
Reciting figures to prove that slide is reported daily in every newspaper op-ed , so to quote SLIDE again here is redundant . 
In response to : -LRB- RevAnarchist That would be wonderful Jollee , and there are many libertarians at heart that run as republicans . 
As you know , Libertarians are for less big government and most want the more individual responsibility . 
FAN beleive that instead of government entitlement programs the local community especially the church should provide for those in need . 
Of course a -LRB- government -RRB- safety net should be available for the working poor and single moms , who are high on FAN respect list , very high ! 
Maybe with enough prayer and work an electable candidate may emerge . 
There are many good republicans and a couple that may be electable with the right political machine behind REPUBLICANS . 
The media , especially cesspools like MSNBC attack most conservative candidates as well as sitting presidents and members of congress etc. . 
CANDIDATES ruined Palin with a well crafted propagandist hack job that capitalized on Palins inexperience and her unpolished political persona . 
HER lack of nonsensical knowledge was used as an ambush to further discredit HER through no fault of HER own . 
However Palin is an accomplished intelligent and good politician , HER simply had some mean powerful groups against HER and GROUPS hurt HER . 
Personally FAN think GROUPS -LRB- the MSNBC 's of the media etc -RRB- propaganda and hack job was repugnant and demonstrated how low GROUPS would go to smear someone that GROUPS did not like , namely a white christian woman . 
Maybe the Karma police will pay GROUPS back in full . 
Hey we can hope and pray for justice eh Jollee ? 
rev -RRB- FAN have only one thing to say : FAN categorically disagree with every word you posted . 
Palin is a beauty pageant air head with a penchant , like Bratboy Bush , to appeal to the simplistic , folksy , anti-elitist moralistic attitude most of WE wish for but never had nor will have . 
What you tout is artificial to reality . 
TODAY 's the same synthetic flavored ice-slush with which Ronald Reagan won the Presidency , and PRESIDENCY 's even less true today than TODAY was then : The `` churches '' wo n't fill the needs for the poor and TODAY 's a idealogical vagrant government that does n't . 
As for your decidedly `` irreverent '' and erroneous description of MSNBC , FAN direct you to FactCheck.org for a lesson in `` truthiness . '' 
POOR provide sources for POOR objective analysis . 
Fox News does n't cut NEWS ! 
And , Jolee , FAN have less respect for Libertarians than FAN do for NeoCons , and that 's several marks below Satan 's half acre in Hell . 
Rand Paul was named after Ayn Rand whose most remarkable work was the novel , Atlas Shrugged . 
Do a bit of Googling and find out what Libertarianism is all about . 
You may not be so enthralled about less government , especially if you ever end up disabled , old\/very young or without a job through no fault of your own . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2092
I would not vote for him if there was a prize of 10,000 dollars ... I have confirmed I preservations ... I would vote for Janice Joplin over Obama ... BrowseUpload Create AccountSign In SearchJanis Joplin - Piece of I Heart -LRB- live Woodstock -RRB- samialencar 8 videos Subscribe Subscribed Sign In or Sign Up now ! 
Loading ... Upgrade to Flash Player 10 for improved playback performance . 
Upgrade Now or More Info . 
close 1,391,642 Like Add toShareEmbed Short URL Email MySpace orkut hi5 Blogger Live Spaces Bebo StumbleUpon Loading ... This feature is not available right now . 
Please try again later . 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2093
You are saying Palin 's `` nonsensical knowledge '' and '' inexperience '' is no fault of her own ? 
You obviously have no clue about reality then my friend . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2094
She wont be running for president , SHE will give the job too someone much more experienced ... Thats what America needs now ! 
We all need to be able to live and support WE ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2095
Good to hear , because Palin would destroy the country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2096
INDEPENDANT dont think she has enough experience , but neither does President Obama ... INDEPENDANT still wont vote for inexperience on either side , INDEPENDANT am an Independant ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2097
Yeah but BUT makes for it in brain matter . 
Palin does n't have a brain unfortunately for her . 
Exactly . 
No party is the best party . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2098
Glad we agree on something ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2099
You should read this . 
American Christians of the right hate gays ; Christian right 
CURRENTPOSTID 2102
Palin will not be running , Chris Christie , Thume or another will ... THUME will be a landslide just like the Carter Presidency ! 
She just likes to keep you jumping ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2103
How much you wanna bet ? 
I recon ten bucks you 're totally wrong . 
Jumping ? 
You mean committing right ? 
her daughter keeps I jumping 
CURRENTPOSTID 2104
I will bit you a million minion ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2105
What the hell do you mean by `` bit '' and what the hell is million minion ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2106
Palin is no more the joke than Dear Leader Obama . 
Hell , Charlie Rangel could do a better job than Opie so no vote for the Messiah in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2107
hA hA hA , YOUR STATEMENT CRACKED ME UP GUY ! 
YOUR FUNNY ! 
LOLJOLLEE 
CURRENTPOSTID 2108
Your `` thinking '' is evidently deeply influenced by your total ideological brainwashing . 
Americans , the majority , NOT the brainwashed liberal ideologues , are extremely angry at the gross incompetence and often incredible stupidity of the obamalama . 
INCOMPETENCE is not disappointment , INCOMPETENCE IS anger . 
The only people disappointed are the idiots that thought OBAMALAMA had anything to offer in the first place , OBAMALAMA DID NOT . 
OBAMALAMA got elected by claiming to be different from Bush . 
Turns out OBAMALAMA is different from Bush . 
OBAMALAMA 's worse than Bush . 
This far out from the 2008 election , NOBODY had ever heard of BHO except BHO puppetmasters . 
So between now and the 2012 elections a dozen or more candidates can appear in the limelight . 
And if the obamalama continues to do as rotten as job as OBAMALAMA has , , , , , , , , , half those new candidates could be liberal Democrats . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2109
Originally Posted by MegadethFan View Post DAN FOR PRESIDENT I agree with your post Dan . 
Obama is so stupid OBAMA may think like Mega death and think OBAMA can hide OBAMA lies and smooth over OBAMA mistakes , and beleive that the majority of the American voters are n't angry with OBAMA ... how in the world could VOTERS be mad at the golden boy ? 
At the messiah ? 
Ha ha we will show MESSIAH how angry WE are come election time ! 
Hey did you hear that a federal judge ruled on Monday that Obamacare is unconstitutional ? 
I have been saying that all along . 
I said Obama is stupid , OBAMA is but OBAMA is dangerous stupid like any serial killer is dangerous stupid . 
DID do not know right from wrong in many cases . 
That is Obama in a nutshell -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . 
OBAMA thinks OBAMA is doing us a favor , when in reality OBAMA is the worst thing that has happened to this country since another dumb democrat ; Jimmy Carter . 
Carter is a much better citizen than president . 
rev 
CURRENTPOSTID 2110
Mega , what direction has he shown ? 
Bush 's popularity is getting close to BUSH . 
Do you realize if health care goes down the tubes then the only accomplishment BUSH has that 's significant is backing Bush 's tax cuts ... ironic , huh . 
. 
? 
Lowden pointed that out ... HERE THAT LOWDEN ??? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2113
It is utterly amazing !!! 
Democrats have had TOTAL control of the House and Senate since Jan , 3 . 
2007 . 
And retain control until the end of this year . 
Yet in 1095 days they have managed to pass a failed Stimulus bill . 
An unconstitutional and horrendous health care bill that is the worst legislation EVER considered let alone passed , and THEY have passed a business regulation bill that makes American business difficult to be in and completely non-competitive with any other nation anywhere , and you blame conservatives . 
Liberal loonyism at BILL best . 
You had the Democrat votes to pass ANYTHING , and only accomplished a few sadly ridiculous bills . 
The conservatives have not had any power to pass or STOP anything for nearly 1100 days and you claim DAYS CONSERVATIVES fault . 
Whacky ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2114
Tried and kicked out of office where have you been ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2116
Hi brother ! 
rev 
CURRENTPOSTID 2118
And if he listens to you HE Presidency will END !! 
Liberalism is the only evil that conservatives have been compromising with in my Lifetime . 
EVIL is time for that to END ! 
... ... -LRB- How is that for a target -RRB- Long Live Conservatism ... That 's right , every time a bell rings another Liberal is defeated \*\* 
CURRENTPOSTID 2123
Got to be tough when your trying to boost jobs , help your country and hide COUNTRY from your base ... Dear God ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2124
What do you mean ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2125
Well if Obama wants to keep his job HIS may have to make deals in private that HIS left base might not agree with , so to prevent them from getting to upset back room deals with Repub or Corp. figures may be essential . 
Certain guarantees in other words . 
I 'm not saying this is bad , but smart politics . 
HIS knows creating jobs is how HIS will have the best chance at re election , I 'm sure this played a big part in HIS extending the tax cuts . 
Good for HIS , but the left was not very happy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2128
That 's a very liberal attitude . 
No , one should simply restrain government intervention in the market altogether . 
The government should n't be giving money to big or small businesses nor to individuals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2129
'' Obama has BASICALLY converted to right wing conservatism , the biggie obviously being the extended Bush tax cuts . 
`` What conversion by the obamalama . 
CAPITULATION was a total and complete capitulation by the Republicans misreading public opinion as the Deomcrats have done since 2007 . 
DEOMCRATS GOT DEOMCRATS UNFUNDED unemployment extension , AND more UNFUNDED Stimulus money in exchange for extending the Bush tax cuts which anyone with a mini-brain KNEW was going to happen anyway . 
And the Dems DID NOT care if CARE happened or not , NOT were only posturing the entire time . 
If the Repubs had any cajones , NOT would have called the bluff and said tax cuts extension period , NO DEALS . 
NO way were the Dems going to allow a 50 % tax increase on the middle class . 
100 % certain , NOT would have caved . 
Chances are the 112th Congress will be just as stupid as the 110th , and 111th were . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2131
If the left wing media would ignore Palin , she would just fade away . 
But they can not avoid taking advantage of such an obvious whipping girl . 
Much easier to trash Palin than do some actual reporting work and find a real story . 
Diplomatic skills ??? 
The skills that have made the obamalama and the US the laughing stock of the world . 
BHO has been absolutely rejected by every nation in everything BHO has proposed . 
BHO international accomplishments total exactly zero . 
At home , BHO has been president since 1\/20\/09 , yet BHO continues to campaign to BE president . 
And BHO has already announced that in 2011 BHO will be spending much less time in DC and much more time throughout the USA . 
To interpret that for you , that means even more campaigning and less governing . 
BHO is very good at campaigning , so BHO does that . 
BHO is very bad at being a CEO , so BHO avoids that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2132
I agree that Palin should be ignored . 
. 
-LRB- I am a conservative -RRB- Obama has done an amazing job in mending fences with other countries . 
America is no longer considered a reckless bully . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2133
Cant keep a good poster down aye ? 
... LOL Makes sense to me , problem being there are so many uninformed people out there and that 's what POSTER plays too . 
So if the economy improves PEOPLE will give POSTER the credit , what has to be done is make sure that people get reminded this is the same guy that we had at the start . 
POSTER basic stripes have not changed , and the pushing and fighting with the right over health care should remind PEOPLE of that . 
ME think THE would be smart of the Repubs to keep Obama Care , the border , anchor babies all up front . 
If REPUBS gets elected for another term TERM will turn into another spend a thon . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2134
If you do n't like anchor babies , change the Constitution and the statutes . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2135
Anchor babies came to be by Constitutional Amendment , not by inclusion in the original Constitution . 
And that Amendment was intended to cover the babies of slaves brought to this country against BABIES will . 
It was not intended to cover people that smuggled BABIES into this country illegally . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2136
Now America is considered a foolish and naive patsy . 
We were considered foolish and naive back in the 30 's too . 
How 'd that turn out ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2137
I go with that ... I think Legal immigration is important to all countries and they should have open arms to all people . 
But what is the biggest threat to legal immigration ? 
, illegal immigration that 's what . 
Illegal immigration robs us of the truly worthy immigrant and rewards the illegal one ... ONE 'S A REAL THREAT TO EVERYBODY . 
I resent the fact that this country thinks so little of the honest immigrant . 
What does that say about US ? 
A ANCHOR BABY IS NOTHING MORE THAN THE PRODUCT OF THE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT . 
They say , well PRODUCT 's not BABY fault . 
Well PRODUCT 's not ours ! 
, and should have no rights . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2139
Obama is definitely running again and wo n't be challenged . 
As far as the GOP is concerned , a solid bet is Romney and Gingrinch . 
I do n't think Sarah Palin will run at all . 
I 'm not sure about the rest of the GOP candidates ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2140
No , this is a pack of lies ! 
BULLY 're still the same bully as before ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2141
Who told you that ? 
The issue was hardly that Japan thought the US would be a quiky . 
Roosevelt was thirsting for war , and did everything in ROOSEVELT power to provoke ISSUE -LRB- as the Congress was staunchly isolationist -RRB- . 
To quote the United States General Hugh Johnson : `` JOHNSON know of no well informed Washington observer who is n't convinced that , if Mr. Roosevelt is elected -LRB- in 1940 -RRB- , ROOSEVELT will drag YOU into war at the first opportunity , and that , if none presents 1940 , ROOSEVELT will make one . 
`` JOHNSON was n't so concerned with Japan , but rather Hitler and seized upon the opportunity the Axis ' tripartite agreement afforded . 
JOHNSON actually tried to maneuver the Admirals into a full out blockade of Japanese shipping at one point , but naturally the protested vigorously and the idea was dropped . 
So JOHNSON had to settle for oil embargos -LRB- which OBSERVER fully support , by the way , but that 's neither here nor there -RRB- . 
No one is going to be attacking America , a nation of over 300 million people and the size of the European continent , a nation which has the strongest army , airforce , and navy every known , the nation that hosts the UN and the worlds financial headquarters . 
No matter how you spin ONE , America can not look like a pansy . 
ONE is simply impossible . 
Of course , this is all terribly inconvenient to alarmist neo-conservatives and YOU much touted `` preemptive defense '' measures . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2142
You might think about : Rudy GiulianiMike HuckabeeJeb BushCharlie CristRon PaulJohn Boehner 
CURRENTPOSTID 2143
Paul is the only one I would vote for . 
I would sooner see Huckabee gunned down than PAUL hind end in the Oval Office . 
I hate that man ; HUCKABEE 's a religious zealot bearing the face of a woodchuck -- what could be worse ? 
And god forbid we get another Bush in office ... That would be a disaster of monstrous proportions . 
Crist is a schmuck and Giullani is just odd . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2144
Are you saying that the first attack on the World Trade center did not happen ? 
Or that the successful attack on the same target on 9\/11 did not happen either . 
Or the tennis shoe bomber and the underwear bombers are fiction too ? 
Who made up the printer cartridge bombs ? 
Some alarmist , neo-conservatives ? 
Or that N Korea or Iran is not insane enough to attack us . 
And an attack on US was unthinkable , BY US , in the 30 's too . 
But Japan thought that a single devastating blow would cause US to sue for peace . 
Germany was sinking ships right off US coast , that in case you were unaware , is an Act of War . 
And who told me ?? 
One of us , evidently not you , was alive then . 
ME guess ONE was ME . 
The old fart . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2145
I do n't see Guiliani running again , not with the conservative upswing . 
Mike Huckabee might . 
Bush I do n't know . 
Charlie Crist will most certainly not run after CRIST left the party to run as an independent . 
Ron Paul might , but PAUL 's old and will be nonexistent in terms of primary results like PAUL was in 2008 . 
And why would John Boehner run when BOEHNER 's about to become Speaker again ? 
Maybe BOEHNER 'll consider 2008 in 2016 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2146
What are you on about ? 
ATTACK never denied that any attacks occurred on the United States -LRB- although , to suggest that a disgruntled individual wielding printer cartridges is an `` attack '' on sovereign soil is , shall we say , a unique viewpoint -RRB- . 
Why were the German sinking WE ships ? 
Lend-Lease . 
Why did Japan attack ? 
WE cut off their oil supplies . 
ATTACK 'm not denying any of this occurred . 
Nor am ATTACK attempting to argue that the Axis used methods differing from the above when attacking the US . 
What ATTACK am saying , however , is that WE involvement in WWII was not because the rest of the world thought WE were `` pansies . '' 
INVOLVEMENT would be analogous to somebody attacking an even better armed China , the rising military and economic power of the time , on the virtue of them being perceived as `` weak . '' 
Obviously no sentiments like that exist today ; such was the case in 1938 as well . 
To suggest otherwise is ludicrous . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2147
Sure I will !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2148
Yes correct , the churches should get all of it ! 
rev 
CURRENTPOSTID 2150
I think Hugo Chavez has that issue about natural-born citizenship to contend with . 
In order for I to seriously considering voting for Obama , the Republicans would have to nominate somebody like Charlie Manson - although I might consider a Charles Manson and Michael Savage GOP ticket . 
ORDER could n't be much worse then what we 've got , and they might actually surprise WE - much like Jesse Ventura did as governor of Minnesota ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2152
Such as and how so ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2153
A few years ago when south Florida was struck with some horrible hurricanes , I remember watching TV and there was Jeb Bush , I believe governor of Florida at the time . 
I was actually quite surprised to learn that BUSH could talk well , BUSH could formulate pertinent and interesting comments , BUSH was n't reading from notes or teleprompters , BUSH was poised and mature , BUSH was in command , BUSH shared the stage with other emergency personnel , on important stuff BUSH spoke fluently in English and Spanish ... and ... BUSH had no resemblance or quirkiness to Bush Sr and Jr. . 
. 
. true father must have been the milk man with a much higher IQ ! 
I do n't know anything else about FATHER but on that day and during that week I was quite impressed ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2154
My guess is all of those MY named will entertain the idea of running for president because they all believe THEY have the ` right ' answers to our complex problems and THEY egos are large enough to fill Oprah 's pants suit . 
In politics egos rule the day ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2155
Truthfully ... Obama was the least qualified and least experienced presidential candidate in recent history . 
Why would anyone be surprised if a person lacking appropriate credentials might fail to live up to expectations ? 
I blame Obama for being so arrogant to believe PERSON was qualified to run for president ... but I blame the voters for being so fricken stupid when VOTERS enter the voting booth . 
Until this ignorance and personal bias wanes about 1000 % , I suspect we will continue to elect less-than-qualified candidates to Congress and the presidency ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2156
What you have been saying is that no one would dare attack us . 
That is the dumbest head-in-the-sand position that anyone could possibly take . 
ONE 've pointed out to you that POSITION has happened to US before . 
You try to excuse prior attacks by claiming US were complicit in US own attacks . 
THAT DOES NOT MATTER even if true . 
US were still attacked and if you 're crazy enough to believe US will not be attacked again , you invite attack . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2157
Which it is , of course ; and yes COURSE does , of course . 
Such is akin to saying , `` One must walk around YES home with a hardhat on because ONE might collapse -- SUCH has happened to me before ! 
True , ME never got around to building that fourth wall ... but you never know ! '' 
Why would anyone be attacking YOU without reason ? 
Nobody is saying scrap the navy and the airforce . 
Quite the contrary . 
Either way , you 're not really addressing the issue . 
You stated that the United States came under attack because we were considered weak . 
This is both patently erroneous and demonstrably untrue . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2159
You 're defending an incompetent clown , I 'm defending history . 
You 're welcome to your opinion , I 'll keep mine . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2160
If CHRISTIAN were not a christian CHRISTIAN would hope for the same fate to befall Obama . 
CHRISTIAN am truly surprised FATE has n't happened -LRB- yet -RRB- . 
So much for the scary white supremacists ! 
Heck , radical -LRB- black -RRB- Muslims do the dirty to the black leaders of note HECK seems . 
Barnyism ' was n't the reason CHRISTIAN did n't vote for Obama , neither was OBAMA color , well except for that yellow stripe running up OBAMA spine . 
No Obamas liberal ideas -LRB- ie abortion -RRB- , gross ignorance of economic affairs , and lack of executive experience are a few of many defects which disqualify OBAMA as presidential material . 
CHRISTIAN do n't consider personal appearance when voting for a man , if CHRISTIAN said why that is so , CHRISTIAN may get an infraction . 
Anyway , look at Obama , OBAMA looks like a cross between Barney Fife and Dumbo with those ears . 
As for religious guys in office , relax as long as GUYS are christian you have nothing to worry about . 
Look at history the religious presidents have been the most popular and best . 
An atheist as president ! 
Ha ha much worse ! 
Truly , your opinions of what represents good presidential material is horrifying . 
rev 
CURRENTPOSTID 2161
Whilst I agree in part , his opponents were far worse . 
Now in retrospect YOU can see Obama has actually continued many of the failed policies of OBAMA predecessor . 
So you vote on looks ? 
Actually if MANY are Christian you have a crap load to worry about - so does the rest of the world . 
Really ? 
Like ? 
LOL That is so ignorant , but says a lot about you Rev. How so ? 
How ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2162
I have read several of your posts . 
You seem to be too concerned as to why something happened . 
If a nut broke in your home and shot your entire family would your have to ask why NUT happened before you eliminated the threat ? 
Just curious . 
~ rev ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2164
PRINCIPLE 's a very simple principle known as cause and effect . 
They are mutually inclusive ; one can not exist without the other . 
International politics are not as simple as a disgruntled robber . 
Which one has n't been a Christian ? 
What a horribly constructed argument . 
ONE 'm not even sure how to deal with this ... THIS 's not like Christians have ever gotten the US involved in illegitimate wars , and US not as if SERVANTS 've ever infringed upon our civil liberties . 
Nor is THIS likely that a single Christian president has ever crafted a single policy in error . 
You see , SERVANTS 're servants of the Lord . 
SERVANTS can do no wrong . 
Yes , god forbid a rational person find PERSON in the office . 
As you well know , we non-practicing heathens dream of Marxist utopias in which Muslims actually have rights and people abort children for fun . 
What is this New Jerusalem nonsense ? 
You 've been watching too many History 's Mysteries episodes . 
Regarding the second question , about which type of leader ONE would prefer : ONE would spring for Ayn Rand . 
What ? 
Whose defending anyone ? 
Sincerest apologies , but revisionism does n't count . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2165
Why do you not vote . 
If it is because of apathy , then why not support The FALGAFT Plan ??? 
Is IT not time that the US citizen took back control of our country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2166
Nor is International politics as simple as cause and effect which depends on logic , far from anything remotely applicable to international politics . 
Ha ha . 
IP are more like QM or Chaos theory in nature . 
You expressed doubt that most American presidents were christian , CHRISTIAN was simply attempting to get you to support your unsubstantiated claims . 
Answer the question and please do n't quit YOU day job for stand up comedy , you will starve That 's why you self described `` non-practicing heathens dream of Marxist utopias in which Muslims actually have rights and people abort children for fun '' will never make president , thank God . 
BTW , most abortions are n't for fun , but rather something nearly as sinister and repulsive , CHILDREN are performed for convenience of the mom and dad . 
Nah , CHRISTIAN theories are different than the history mysteries etc. . 
Those kinds of pseudo educational channels injects too much artistic license into CHILDREN doctrine . 
CHRISTIAN am a christian and prophesy is clear , btw there will be a new Jerusalem one day as well as a new temple etc. . 
Just as sure as a new Israel came into existence as per bible prophesy . 
One need not watch the anti christian history channel , only to read the bible to determine the facts and what is to be . 
Well you could of picked much worse . 
Rands Objectivism seems a bit like libertarianism , maybe MOTHER was the mother of liberalism so MOTHER may be ok . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2167
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I 'd become a Republican if the Republicans nominated Hugo Chavez . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2168
Actually , fundamentally , it is . 
That 's all IT is . 
IT just happens to be incredibly convoluted and impossible to discern which ripples will affect what . 
But the idea is to formulate projections and , subsequently , manipulate as best as is possible . 
What ? 
I 've done no such thing ... It appears you 've forgotten there was no question ; rather , just an ill-conceived statement . 
And I was n't being humorous ; I was being sardonic . 
There is a distinct difference . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2169
-LRB- quote = Plymouth ; 3291039 -RRB- Actually , fundamentally , QUOTE is . 
That 's all QUOTE is . 
QUOTE just happens to be incredibly convoluted and impossible to discern which ripples will affect what . 
But the idea is to formulate projections and , subsequently , manipulate as best as is possible . 
Sorry maybe that was MD ? 
All you outsiders look the same to me ... Ok , this is going to be ME last post today . 
ME am tired and SAME obvious by ME typo ets . 
. 
Ha ha . 
. 
ME mean etc 's . 
Again your reply -LRB- after the first paragraph and ME typo -RRB- has no substance , REPLY 's about personal BS will be filed as such . 
ME was using the dual slit experiment as an analogy . 
The analogy demonstrated that we can know to a degree of probability which slit the particle will take . 
WE know these type of probabilities well enough to make calculations and the probabilistic outcome of these calculations are accurate enough to design circuits . 
just as ME pointed out . 
Nevertheless , even though WE know with an exceedingly high degree which slit the particle will take there is still a chance that the particle will do the unexpected and take the slit that PARTICLE ` should n't ' according to the rules of probability . 
The circuit may fail if that happens . 
That 's bad for circuits but good for people because that tiny fractional lee way is the room WE require for free will to exist . 
That is because if God knew with an accuracy of 100 % exactly the future and what choices WE would make WE free will would not , and could not exist . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2170
Id become a republican if the republicans nominated me for president . 
Anyway ~ On a unrelated topic we gotta ' love WE poll ! -RRB- 
Two to one against Nobama , that indicates there is intelligent life in this forum ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2171
Nomination one and counting ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2172
Started out Terrible ... maybe change meant -LRB- 3rd ,4 th years of Presidency -RRB- ? 
Hope\/Change = Dope in Charge -LRB- hopefully not -RRB- ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2174
Care too elaborate ? 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2175
i simply disagree with the majority of his positions . 
i like the guy personally , but i do n't see any way for GUY to get I vote in 2012 given GUY policies . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2176
MYSELF could not have said it better myself ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2177
Well Duh ! 
DUH got elected because DUH seemed likable . 
DUH did not get elected on DUH experience or competence . 
And now MOST realize that , while likable , DUH is neither a Chief Executive , nor competent . 
But DUH still seems likable and still can give a helluva campaign speech . 
Trouble is , we do n't need speeches , WE need a bi-partisan exec that can get the hard jobs done . 
The obamalama ai n't the guy ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2178
He 's incompetant ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2179
Ha ha thanks Jollee ! 
Hey will you be my vice president ? 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2180
You better believe it ! 
We will clean this place up ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2181
Are you KIDDING ME !!! 
The ONLY reason Obama chose to extend the tax cuts at this time is because OBAMA did n't want to be seen as the President who presided over the biggest tax increase in history , and especially during a deep recession . 
-LRB- What recovery ? -RRB- 
Additionally , OBAMA did n't want to wait until the new congress got in place , because OBAMA KNEW OBAMA would n't be able to jam CONGRESS through with all the new tens of BILLIONS in spending . 
Unfortunately , this next line of ME shows me how little you actually understand about Conservatism . 
Conservatives do n't believe in the Government `` Giving '' cash to the public , CONSERVATIVES believe in allowing the private sector to keep as much of CONSERVATIVES own earnings as possible . 
Can you imagine how much better off Ford -LRB- and GM for that matter -RRB- would be if CONSERVATIVES did n't have to pay the highest capital gain taxes in the world , as CONSERVATIVES do here in the good ol US of A ? 
How much more cash would CONSERVATIVES have to re-invest in production as CONSERVATIVES European and Asian competitors are allowed to do ? 
Is BETTER any wonder that over 40K manufacturing plants employing an average of 500 people each have closed over the past 2 decades in the U.S. ? 
No , the FEDERAL government should n't be giving anything to anyone , THAT Job should be relegated to local or state governments where there can be a tighter lid on accountability , and where NO do n't have the ability to `` Magically '' print money , thereby reducing the value of EVERYONE 's money . 
The Federal government 's job should be just 3 things : Guaranteeing personal Liberty and Freedom -LRB- FBI , CIA , Military and the Court System -RRB- Protecting the Border and Handling Trade -LRB- Customs and Border Patrol -RRB- Provide a fair and equitable Open and Free Market for the States to do business with each otherTHAT 'S LIBERTY !!! 
EVERYTHING else , Social Security , Welfare , Education , Social Services , NO can all be handled by the States with greater efficiency and better responsiveness than the Federal Government can . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2183
There are two ways to be qualified to be President . 
One - have the history , legal , and political and savvy credentials that most Presidents have quite a bit of . 
The same ole ' , same ` ole . 
Two - be possessed of almost perfect common sense and be as honest as a man can possibly be . 
This person must be surrounded by sharp advisors . 
We have always depended on number One to elect WE Presidents . 
I think TIME 's time for a President with the qualifications in number Two . 
There are a couple of males and a couple of females that might possess this . 
One in particular . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2184
Sadly we did elect `` Number Two '' as WE present president . 
KaKa . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2186
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Of course I will . 
He 's done a fabulous job . 
And we just ca n't run the risk of turning the country back over to Republican brain-dead ideologues who took a perfectly fine economy and turned ECONOMY into a giant ball of snot in less than 8 years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2189
No matter who is president , no matter their high qualifications , THEIR will require specialized advisers ; running the US government is simply too complex for any one person to have complete knowledge . 
Regarding ` common sense ' ... as long as we have the dominant two party system , and as long as most voters are deeply polarized towards one of these two parties , ONE is unlikely there will be any common sense problem solving . 
Seems to US , in order to achieve common sense and win-win , etc. , that WE must move away from the two-party rule ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2190
GM stock is selling at the price STOCK is because GM raised the price of additional shares being released . 
IF their new offering works perfectly and our Govt sells as many shares as GOVT can under this new offering , then the US Govt stake in GM will be reduced from 61 % to 33 % . 
IF ! 
And OUR have no business owning 33 % of GM just as OUR had no business owning 61 % . 
Vote for Jeb over the obamalma that could not find time in his schedule to call the parents of a fallen soldier after the local politician screwed up the condolence letter , but could find time to call the Philadelphia Eagles and congratulate PARENTS for hiring the dog murderer Vick ? 
I will not know until voting time who will get I vote . 
But the obamalama heads the list of those that will NOT be considered . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2191
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- If somebody held an RPG to my head . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2192
That would depend . 
If the choice Jeb Bush or Barack Obama or someone else ? 
Would you vote for Rep. Pelosi in 2012 ? 
After all , 2010 had absolutely nothing to do with PELOSI Highness . 
THAT wonder if they 've gotten the keys for the airplanes from PELOSI yet ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2194
Why ? 
Better question , what makes you think Obama is a socialist ? 
OBAMA overt spending isnt original . 
In terms of fp , OBAMA has n't change much and has done far less damage than OBAMA predecessor . 
In terms of social policies , OBAMA is progressive , but again not unique . 
Socialism requires some fundamental and core ideas , namely communal ownership of the ` means of production ' , which Obama has not slightly indicated moving to . 
And of course , along side this , the eradication of ` private property ' as institutionalized legal procedure . 
Obama has not even contemplated this . 
Ah but then you say , ok but OBAMA intends to have world governance - so what ? 
OBAMA definition of world governance is far different to yours . 
OBAMA is of legal structure - which for America is rather hard to grasp , but not for Europeans who have learned the hard way . 
In terms of direct management no one is contemplating this , but you are suggesting , in fact loudly purporting that this is OBAMA aim . 
Sorry to say but such a belief is ignorant to say the least . 
If anyone will be taking direct control of anything , BELIEF will be America do so in other countries as AMERICA ruling regime seeks to further REGIME own interests , which REGIME has been doing for over 200 years . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2195
I may think Obama is socialist , but I do n't claim OBAMA is a socialist , or rather I should say that I do n't mean to make I inner most truths and dearly held convictions public , purposely . 
Ha ! 
ha ! 
What a bit of twisted grammar that was ! 
Allow I another ? 
; I do mean to , and usually do say that unless an wayward Freudian slip encroaches upon I published internet font , I verbiage and other presentations will proclaim that Obama merely cleaves heavily to all things socialist , and often adopts those things which is far more dangerous than even a military solution in some cases . 
The issue is n't not how much FREUDIAN spent but rather the way FREUDIAN spends our money . 
As I said I am claiming that FREUDIAN is trending towards socialism . 
In reality I beleive FREUDIAN was and is setting up the necessary culture as preparing wall street and other ` infrastructure ' to allow a easy transition to a socialist system I would wager you are wrong about that ! 
I am sure FREUDIAN has contemplated the dream of world wide socialism with the USA being leading the charge down the path to national poverty or worse ! 
World governance is world governance . 
If FREUDIAN gets FREUDIAN way that is the first inch to a mile . 
The Europeans are currently are paying the price for that learning that you hold in such high regard ! 
CURRENTLY 's manifesting as bankrupt economies , bankrupt citizens , hungry people , and other failures which are resulting in civil disobedience , protests in the streets , and social unrest ! 
No CITIZENS Europeans can keep all that , including the international world court . 
BTW , we are a sovereign nation with a Constitution that grantees WE rights and security , additionally that same constitution does not allow other countries to meddle in WE affairs . 
Obama is naive that seeks to appease instead of having a spine . 
OBAMA would of spooned with Hitler if this was 1938 because that is what OBAMA naivety sows , stupidity ! 
Sadly for WE citizens , especially those OBAMA has duped , OBAMA is dumber than rock despite OBAMA degree and Ivy League education and that has and will result in untold human misery if OBAMA is n't stopped IMO . 
Right now the damage is not that great , however NOW will soon snowball . 
WE have some time to correct Obamas mistakes and TIME appears with the GOP congress attempting to repeal the so called health care bill -LRB- another socialist instrument -RRB- that WE may save the day yet . 
So , MD , I hope and pray that WE will get Obama out of office before anything else bad happens . 
God help WE if the poo really hits the fan ! 
No GOD is not the direct manager IMO , GOD is the puppet of the people with the real power . 
GOD -LRB- by wielding the power of the USA -RRB- may be in the top three fourths in world power , but GOD is simply a power broker doing the bidding either knowingly or with ignorance of a few people that really has the power to control the economies of nations . 
In fact at least one of these people has said in print that GOD enjoys destroying national economies -LRB- or playing the game that leads up to destroying that nations currency etc -RRB- . 
Well , with all due respect the ignorance you speak of is deposited in piles and heaps in your camp . 
Your country exists only because of the power of a pre-Obama USA . 
Yes COUNTRY the way we roll MD. . 
Sorry , I do n't want to be a citizen of the world , nor do I want the USA to be a national citizen of the world . 
I want the world to leave I and WE nation alone and would hope that the next president has the wisdom to help WE achieve that isolationism which will allow WE to last a thousand years . 
If WE instead kiss the UNs butt and reelect Obama or a clone of Obama the USA will cease to exist in less than 50 years IMO . 
Look personally I will survive -LRB- in all likelihood -RRB- . 
However , I would rather survive in a world where the USA exists in name and in SPIRIT . 
The reason for that is because I love I fellow man as I . 
I desperately love the children who will pay the real price of living and most likely suffering in a world without the USA and other freedom loving nations . 
I for one do n't want to find out , nor do I want I fellow man to discover what that little shop of horrors will -LRB- or may -RRB- be like either . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2197
Yes you have an honest post there . 
I am no different and I hate to admit POST ! 
When I lived in AK in the late 80 's I was making $ 36 dollars an hour tax free with a $ 200 a week for housing as a journeyman iron-worker and going to school at the University of AK for free at night -LRB- VA bill , earning credits for I C. Theology MA -RRB- . 
I had subcontracted the structural and reinforcing steel in a pedestrian walkway on a steel bridge that towered near 200ft over the bay , but they paid I by the hour because I had so miserably underestimated the bid . 
Great folks that Swalling Construction -LRB- Anchorage -RRB- ! 
So most ten hour days I made 360 dollars plus around 50 dollars to eat on and help defer the cost of a room , or about 1600 tax free dollars per four day work week . 
Anything over 40 paid double wages rather than time and a half which was common in the states ! 
I was married . 
I wife was an E-6 and WIFE earned about half what I did plus WIFE got housing etc. and we bought groceries in the PX . 
Hell no WIFE did n't complain ! 
I liked the money but I was miserable really but this is about the money eh ? 
However I call these Appalachian mountains I real home and this area is poverty central of the USA . 
Today I do n't do iron work but if I did the prevailing wage -LRB- what I would pay journeyman iron-workers on a building with federal funds -RRB- here is about 20 dollars an hour . 
In the 80 's 80 was about 10-12 bucks an hour . 
Anyway what I am saying is that we are too comfortable . 
The trouble is that what happens here usually happens in the rest of the states in a few years and one cant buy a job here . 
I owned a small testing lab and had to sell LAB because not enough people was testing soil and I lost a state contract for testing bodily fluids for DUI cases etc. . 
So about three years ago I sold the lab and used the modest profits to throw I in the church and two Christian humanitarian non profits I founded . 
I broke even the first year then the bottom dropped out when the economy tanked . 
Even with Obama in office the federal grants dried up quicker than personal donations , so I was forced to close the doors a few months ago to wait on better times after exhausting I bank account . 
Today I make ends meet on a small insurance and interest off investments . 
Thank God the house and land is paid for , and I am debt free ! 
But this long oh so long tale is true and I hope and pray THIS not coming to OH all ` ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2199
Hey the poll actually reflects reality in this case ! 
~ ra ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2200
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Of course . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2201
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Is n't America great ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2202
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- He IS dangerous to some in America . 
I like AMERICA that way . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2204
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Yes , because one disgruntled poster on an Internet forum is wholly representative of the country in ONE entirety . 
Do n't you know , I mow down the elderly with shopping carts in grocery store parking lots -- just for kicks ! 
I do n't even have political motivations . 
What do you think about that ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2206
If the obamalama was running unopposed by anyone , ONE 'd write in somebody rather than vote for `` the great incompetent one . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2208
I dont know , but it sure should not be Obama , pitting one group of people against another ONE unheard of for a leader ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2209
What do you mean ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2210
What the quote meant was that he is dangerous to the nation of the USA . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2211
I hope he does not ever get a whole in the otitis media ... liike I Mom did ... WHOLE was treacherous ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2212
He isnt a danger to the nation at all , rather to the whole world , but this is no different to any past President since WW2 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2213
Yes , because of our patriotic love of OUR country ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2214
LOL Either you are retarded , cant read , or did n't read what I wrote . 
Which is EITHER Jollee , because what you just said is totally irrelevant to what I said . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2215
you ARE NOT JUSTIFIED ... . 
take A LOOK AT YOURSELF ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2216
What is not justified ? 
Oh and I look pretty -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- good when I 'm in the mirror 
CURRENTPOSTID 2217
keep REPEATING YOURSELF , YOU SOUND LIKE AN IDIOT ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2218
LOL Is that all you have left ? 
HAHA ! 
So you have no argument left ? 
LOL Typical failure . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2219
Were you ever worth it ? 
No. ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2220
Oh I 'm very worth it - I 'm quite expensive actually 
CURRENTPOSTID 2221
Keep making yourself feel like your somebody ... Jollee Ha Ha 
CURRENTPOSTID 2222
Are you jealous Jollee ? 
LOL ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2223
Ah the old Ear Tube Granuloma eh ? 
Bless AH heart . 
I dont wish any harm to come to anyone even Obama , I do wish they would just go away ! 
rr 
CURRENTPOSTID 2224
Obama is fine , you need to calm down about OBAMA . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2225
-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I 'm part of this nation and I ai n't dangerous to me . 
Maybe you should speak for yourself instead of trying to speak for 310,000,000 people , eh ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2226
Another high maintenance , Me , ME , Me'er , Just what the world needs a great deal fewer of ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2228
Interesting commentary and heavily weighed in `` Southern '' philosophy , SOUTHERN suggest . 
SOUTHERN mostly grew up in the `` south '' but SOUTHERN higher education is midwest where SOUTHERN was taught `` how '' to think critically , not `` what '' to think critically , as SOUTHERN youthful years outlined . 
SOUTHERN have a summa cum laude degree in Philosophy\/Political Science and 2 grad years in Christian theology . 
That foundation tells SOUTHERN that fundamental Christian philosophy is grounded in socialist philosophy -- as the NT Book of Acts clearly demonstrates . 
Much of American fundamental Christian theology today is grounded in the OT . 
It is implied that Christians are now heir to the OT promises of Jewish wealth and favoritism because of their faith and belief in the `` Christ '' known as Jesus . 
In point of fact -- if we cite the King James version of the `` Bible '' -- the `` Apostle '' Paul is the father of the Christian philosophy inasmuch as it was JAMES who carried the Christian philosophy to the pagan world . 
Insofar as the NT is concerned , it is not recorded that Jesus ever preached to any others than the Jewish community . 
Wall Street going `` socialist ? '' 
Let SOUTHERN see . 
Just recently , it is reported that American business has moved 40K factories to China , leaving Americans without jobs . 
Then there 's the WTO wherein the rules governing trade supersede the American Constitution in a court of law . 
These significant actions et . 
al. took place long before Obama became President ; and NAFTA and Wall Street deregulation took place under Clinton , with the blessing of neoconservative Republicans who also pushed vigorously for the war in Iraq . 
One answer to that conclusion : WTO !!!! 
SOUTHERN suggest you do some hard-pressed `` Goolging '' research to find the fallacy in your opinion quoted above . 
Hitler would have killed a Christian like Obama as HITLER did to many Christians during HITLER attempt to conquer the industrialized world . 
SOUTHERN would seriously suggest that Obama is n't `` dumber than a rock '' anymore than your implication suggests that you think your intellect is superior to OBAMA . 
`` God help SOUTHERN if the poo really hits the fan ? '' 
if WE opinion reflects that by a majority of voters in the next conservative , Tea -LRB- `` t '' stands for trouble -RRB- Party Republican led election . 
How about putting a name to that declaration ? 
Or a link to the source ? 
How about WE Americans just , like WE conservative `` fraidy cats , '' all stick CATS heads in the sand and `` hide '' from the rest of the world ? 
How 's that for abetting CATS own extinction ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2230
My thoughts exactly ! 
Flounder said you remind him of MY ... MY can see why ! 
MY have agreed with everything you have said , and thought exactly the same way everytime . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2231
The problem is they would never replace him , I imagine THEY would be too worried as to what THEY base would do . 
The turn out for an election would drop through the floor PG . 
I liked Clinton , she was a wealth of experience . 
I may not often agree with SHE but besides being smart SHE has common sense . 
I think with Obama if CLINTON did not learn WEALTH in a book CLINTON 's stumped , and CLINTON has that Chicago approach to politics . 
Now if Obama steps down for the good of the party that would be different , but for a Democrat to challenge OBAMA , , , that would be out In I opinion ... Even though I am conservative , I think NOW 's a shame if Clinton never gets a chance to run again . 
SHE is one of the few Democratic Icons left ... How the Democrats took Obama over SHE I will never understand , , , ever . 
Personally I think it was a set up ... Lets face ONE A were never going to go with Edwards , A knew about the affair , and then when Edwards backed Obama it was pretty clear what was planned . 
Why would EDWARDS choose Obama over Clinton ? 
Did EDWARDS honestly think EDWARDS was the better choice ? 
Most experienced politicians would not agree with that , not if POLITICIANS were thinking about the good of the country anyway . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2233
You jealous ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2235
lol ... luckily MINORITY are a small minority . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2237
One could only hope . 
He 's gonna get rid of the IRS , what more can the dumb sheep want ? 
MaxGeorgeDicksteinXXXI 
CURRENTPOSTID 2238
Ron Paul is an absolute legend . 
The US , imho , would see US approval rating triple world wide if US elected PAUL . 
PAUL wants to disband the empire -LRB- sell bases , disband the CIA etc -RRB- - that and endorse actual capitalist policy -LRB- cut protectionism , cut taxes , cut subsidies , give back third world sovereignty etc -RRB- which would see PAUL Presidency as one of the best . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2239
Maybe I do need to lighten up a bit on Obama . 
I have already much soften I views . 
I was especially critical of OBAMA policies and OBAMA personally during the first year of OBAMA presidency . 
Lately OBAMA is trying to be more conservative , and OBAMA did not do all the harmful leftist things OBAMA promised OBAMA supporters . 
OBAMA health care bill or at least the most harmful socialist aspects of HEALTH will likely be repealed . 
I was worried about the silence of the moderately conservative americans thinking AMERICANS had been secretly abducted by Obama aliens and lobotomized or brainwashed into believing that OBAMA was the true messiah and could do no wrong ! 
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- attepted humor -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . 
Anyway , I am now satisfied that there is some backbone and the brainwashing is wearing off . 
Everyone except for the despicable god awful stomach turning pundits like Keith Oberman and even the less abrasive and easier on the ears and stomach Matthews has moderated in our general citizenship . 
Still Obama is one of our most dangerous presidents and not the Icon that the majority of USA citizens beleive . 
I biggest concern is does OUR president know that PRESIDENT is harming and has harmed OUR ? 
Or does PRESIDENT beleive that OUR should really start down the slippery slope to one-worldism , and national socialism ? 
If the latter be true , then is is worse than OUR most dangerous president in history , ie Abraham Lincoln . 
Please , if I have offended anyone \* by saying that about Lincoln ask I why I think Lincoln , who is loved by the world and most Americans , should n't be an icon or even respected as an upholder of the Constitution etc. . 
I use Lincoln often to drive home a point so I thoughts are not meant to be flammable but rather educational . 
ra . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2240
I would elect Ron Paul NOW , except for a few -LRB- which I beleive NOW would agree to moderate -RRB- for a few of NOW proposed policies . 
I most admire NOW for NOW position of isolationism of USA , but do n't think NOW goes far enough . 
I would work to win over the entire western hemisphere . 
I like NOW position on taxes and as well . 
Some of NOW critics fear NOW polices would weaken the USA . 
SOME are short sited and naive IMO . 
What is bringing us down and US bringing down the rest of the world , is US horrific debt , and expenditures , ie the immoral mishandling of money money money ! 
US do n't need the largest military etc , NO US do n't . 
I love I brothers in arms but let BROTHERS stay here at home . 
Without having to project power around the world funding US military would be easy . 
Let the nations sink or swim that have aggressive neighbors . 
I would order that US train US allies then leave . 
Extra funds and training time would be granted to those that have been loyal to US , Give ALLIES plenty of time , but in five years US would be gone ! 
War is not correct in most situations morally nor is NOR ever right when NOR comes to economics . 
So even if a former ally were attacked that would not be a reason to join in the fight . 
Only demonstrable events of national self defense would warrant an act of war . 
We would be far better off economically as an isolated hemisphere or even a nation . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2241
Not At This Time ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2242
Hi Jollee . 
I thought THEM and a couple of other members might be angry -LRB- or worse saddened -RRB- with I about that post . 
And the remarks I made about Lincoln in another thread . 
I gave THREAD some thought before I posted MEMBERS and I did say that I would not elect Ron Paul unless PAUL changed some of PAUL ideas . 
Do n't worry I faith and I concern for I fellow man still rules I finger that pushes the voting button ! 
If I do say something that sounds like I have taken leave of I senses please feel free to ask I here or a PM I like to be honest . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2243
What position is this ? 
Please elaborate . 
They would or rather weaken the US hegemon , not the US THIS . 
US agree with that totally . 
Ron Paul doe snot support economic isolationism - PAUL is totally opposed to SNOT . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2244
Why not ? 
Seriously ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2245
Its crazy ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2246
WHAT IS CRAZY ?! 
You realize I was agreeing with you ?! 
Can you even sustain a relevant discussion for over two posts ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2247
Of course I can , what more can I say , I would not vote for him at this time ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2248
What is crazy ? 
YOU said `` it is crazy '' - what is ? 
Also you said I think I like Hitler and what not - why ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2249
That you cant take a simple answer ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2250
I feel your intuition ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2251
So what was the answer ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2252
I can reccommend some education for you if your interested ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2253
No stop avoiding the question , or I 'll report STOP as an insultWHY DID YOU SAY I LIKED HITLER ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2254
Go back and read the post , you have misinformed yourself ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2255
You said to rev that you thought I might like Hitler - WHY ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2256
Go back and read the post , you have misinformed yourself ... Jollee __________________ Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2257
Jollee said ; Rev : I think Mega appreciates Stalin , Marx , and or Hitler ... . 
. 
WHY DID YOU SAY THIS ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2258
That 's simply my opinion ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2259
YES ! 
So WHY DID YOU SAY IT ?! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2260
I do n't think Jollee was being malicious so whats the problem ? 
PROBLEM obvious that you were attempting to flame I earlier and I did not report you , and I could have so I see no reason why you are threatening to report Jollee ... ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2263
A divorce is a better idea than the one YOU wife had for WIFE , a big life insurance policy ! 
Ha ha YOU am just kidding YOU do n't have a wife already tried that twice ! 
HA as bad as YOU have ever seen HA and YOU have had to go from TN to AK to get a job in the past . 
If YOU were married and had kids HA would be tough , YOU sold YOU small business for operating capitol to get YOU very modest micro christian non profit humanitarian mission up and running when the recession hit hard . 
Grants dried as did personal donations . 
The mission -LRB- mountain Manna Mission -RRB- provided a paralegal and an assistant team for each family to assist KIDS to access federal aid and described what programs and resources KIDS were eligible for . 
-LRB- YOU staff\/employees numbered three including YOU ! -RRB- 
. 
. 
So yeah YOU emphasize with you , and good luck merc . 
YOU do not agree with affirmative action either . 
. time has come and gone . 
YOU think single mothers should receive breaks but an equivalently educated single woman should n't IMO . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2264
I ca n't believe you like Ron Paul . 
PAUL is I dream candidate . 
I have no clue why more people do n't endorse PAUL . 
You would think the liberals that claim to be for `` freedom and liberty '' would love Paul . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2267
I would vote for Palin . 
She is so smeared by the left that SHE must be doing something for the right , right \* ! 
I love SHE , SHE husband is a lucky man . 
\* pun intendedra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2269
Will she make the Sunday circuit ? 
Need to know about SHE other than being a moose shooter and cross hairs mapper . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2270
Why ? 
The obamalama is just a bull shooter and campaign mapper . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2271
That is all you will ever know if you listen to the propaganda of the left . 
THAT have never ever in over thirty years of boob tubing and doing THAT part for propaganda for Uncle Sam . 
No spy stuff just misinformation , leaflets etc. . 
THAT was lucky to be an REMF . 
Back in the day the PsyOps field operations were brutal and less sophisticated than today , no one raised a fuss over torture , only massacres , and PSYOPS had to be rather large to get in trouble over . 
Anyway , THAT have always maintained that REMF could have had the nomination if REMF had played REMF cards right . 
Now , as of today with REMF latest slip of the tongue , TODAY will take a good PR team and REMF not making more blunders if REMF wishes to run for presidential office in REMF lifetime . 
Personally , THAT do n't think REMF is interested . 
Even with a professional PR team , THAT bet TEAM would take eight years to undo the smears and character assassination levied against here by the media and other enemies . 
If THAT were THAT THAT would give the world the finger and move to the bush where HERE could get a respite from the goons that hound HERE . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2272
I also wonder about this . 
The man seems to be qualified , intelligent , and of unquestionable character . 
The media ridicules MAN , calls MAN a `` kook '' , but THIS would seem to I that it is the kooks who have gotten us into this mess . 
Anyone who takes the time to actually research the man and MAN record can not help but admire MAN . 
MAN would certainly change things as president . 
Honesty , individual liberty , sound money , no entangling alliances foriegn policy . 
Ha , what a concept . 
Come on people , stop listening to the tv and the pundits and do your own research . 
The future of your country is depending on you ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2273
. 
. 
Interesting that your `` mission '' was to inform families how to `` access federal aid and describe what programs and resources YOUR were eligible for . '' 
Is n't that a contradiction to your `` conservative '' ideas , especially if you would like to see Ron Paul win the Presidency ? 
Philosophy is : If LIBERTARIAN are Libertarian , you can not -- repeat , `` can not '' believe or want government to help anyone at anytime ! 
Not you . 
Not the poor . 
Not the young , the incapacitated , the old , or anyone for any reason . 
In a Libertarian society , SOCIETY is survival of the `` fittest '' meaning anyone who can not fend for his\/herself is not fit to live in society . 
The ONLY thing central government is required to do is protect our shores from foreign invasion !!! 
That 's THING !!!!!!!! 
Course OUR have to pay OUR soldiers to do that , which in point of fact , means SOLDIERS are mercenaries ! 
I agree with this statement except to point out that women of any color , religion , social\/economic status have been the victims of a dominate , power hungry , economic male society for millennia . 
Today , the U SA is well behind even emerging nations in this regard ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2274
I suppose that if I wanted to help a person with college expenses or single mothers with income , or help support someone otherwise incapable of supporting MOTHERS , I would like the opportunity to pick and choose who and how I do it rather than send I money to Washington and have MOTHERS pick and choose . 
After MOTHERS have picked -LRB- stolen -RRB- the cream off the top . 
Without a government nanny , people have the ability to help others as OTHERS see fit and to spend OTHERS income as OTHERS see fit . 
I , for one , am positively sure that I can spend I money to better result than the saviors in DC . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2275
Just some comments about the `` efficiency '' of Medicare and Medicaid .1 . 
Those programs can only exist because they ` float ' on top of a strong , for profit ' health care system . 
Without that strong underlying system the under reimbursing Medicare\/Medicaid programs would collapse .2 . 
How is the `` efficiency '' achieved ? 
EFFICIENCY is achieved by contracting out to INSURANCE COMPANIES , the total day to day administration of Medicare\/Medicaid claims . 
Govt workers are NOT the ones doing the work . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2278
Correct ! 
Every working person has a SS account and pays premiums into that account until retirement . 
ACCOUNT is labeled a `` trust '' fund , but ACCOUNT is n't . 
If Congress did not `` raid '' that `` trust '' in order to pay for items called `` discretionary , '' like Bratboy Bush 's Republican Congress passing `` supplemental '' bills to fund the 2 wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , SS and Medicare would be in the black for not just the baby boomers but BOOMERS grand children . 
Correct again , which clearly SHOWS THAT MEDICARE IS NOT GOVERNMENT RUN OR A GOVERNMENT TAKEOVER !!!!!!!!!!! 
The Administration of Medicare is a `` bid '' contract just like every other government contract ; EXCEPT for example in the case of a Bratboy Bush campaign donor or crony -LRB- aka Dick Cheney -RRB- like Halliburton and Blackwater . 
-LRB- Aside , off topic -RRB- Want to view some fact filled info that is sorely lacking on today 's media , CHEAPER recommend viewing , online , last night 's Frontline broadcast , `` Are CHEAPER Safer ; Flying Cheaper ; The Spy Who Quit . '' 
Just for the `` fraidy cat '' conservatives who are all too willing to sacrifice AGAIN `` rights '' for the old adage , `` CONSERVATIVES ca n't be too safe . '' 
Further note : CHEAPER totally disagree with the Afghan Intelligence Head who quit because EXCEPT wants Americans to stay in Afghanistan to win CONSERVATIVES war for CONSERVATIVES . 
If the Afghans want democracy , CONSERVATIVES will have to be willing to fight and sacrifice for AFGHANS CONSERVATIVES . 
AFGHANS is NOT the job of Americans to fight for democracy anywhere but here on our own soil . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2279
First you say , and ME quote : `` The medicare program is one of the most efficient programs in history , even if one compares FIRST to `` private '' business . 
`` Then ME agree with YOU that it is efficient BECAUSE FIRST is done by PRIVATE INSURANCE companies . 
And then ME go off on a Bush Cheney rant about spending . 
Do ME know the worst spending of the Bush era came after Jan 2007 ? 
AWFUL is a fact ! 
Jan 2007 is when the Democrats took TOTAL control of both the House and the Senate . 
With that spending included , the EIGHT YEARS under Bush saw our national debt increase by $ 5 TRILLION dollars . 
ME want to say that is AWFUL and YOU will totally agree with ME . 
Now YOU say that in just TWO YEARS under the obamalama OUR national debt has increased by $ 4 TRILLION dollars . 
YOU 'm old and not up on ` the new math , ' so ME tell me which is worse . 
$ 5 TRILLION over EIGHT YEARS -LRB- $ 625 Billion per year average -RRB- , or $ 4 TRILLION over 2 years ? 
-LRB- $ 2 TRILLION per year average -RRB- But OUR are in agreement that politicians of both parties have raided the `` trust funds '' with regularity and impunity . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2280
2.7 billion dollars in welfare and Medical benefits in one year payable in LA County alone , where is your state ? 
Ready to b ail us out ? 
Villaregrosa , told all illegal people VILLAREGROSA was a sanctuary city when VILLAREGROSA went against arizona , they all moved to California ! 
Jollee , California 
CURRENTPOSTID 2281
2.7 billion dollars in welfare and Medical benefits in one year payable in LA County alone , where is your state ? 
Ready to bail us out ? 
Villaregrosa , told all illegal people VILLAREGROSA was a sanctuary city when VILLAREGROSA went against arizona , they all moved to California ! 
Jollee , California 
CURRENTPOSTID 2283
I did not stutter ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2284
Not at all . 
Just because a private company gets the contract does n't make COMPANY `` more efficient . '' 
The government sets the guidelines for the product and the company who wins the contract . 
It is proved time and time again that `` waste '' in government contracts is propagated thru `` loopholes '' -LRB- which I showed in an earlier post how lack of oversight can cost millions -RRB- . 
Why is that ? 
Mostly because there are n't sufficient people in the bureaucracy to check every figure on the invoice , especially , if there 's a loophole not covered in the contract . 
There is fraud in Medicare because , e.g. a doctor commits fraud by using medicare accounts for procedures not done without the patient 's knowledge . 
The point I wanted to make about Bush\/Cheney is that the money used for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars was NEVER included in the Budget . 
NEVER !!! 
The wars were -LRB- note I say , `` WERE '' -RRB- paid for by supplemental appropriations passed by Congress . 
Those bills are still being paid for in the national debt . 
I do n't have time to `` check '' your figures and unless you can give I an `` unbiased '' source for them , excuse I , if I doubt the figures you quote are accurate or realistic . 
Yes , we do agree about the raid on the SS trust fund . 
RAID is shameful . 
Now you neoconservatives want to repeal NOW , taking away from people the promise of dignity in old age PEOPLE have paid for in a lifetime of work . 
IOW , NEOCONSERVATIVES will NOT be getting what NEOCONSERVATIVES paid for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2285
Read 'em and weep ! 
http:\/\/www.usdebtclock.org\/http:\/\/thenationaldebtcrisis.com\/the...-by-president\/http:\/\/www.treasurydirect.gov\/govt\/r...ebt_histo5.htmOr do you wish to argue the treasury direct figures ? 
Not FOX , not the RNC , but the US treasury official figures . 
And remember the figures in the second link . 
Bush over $ 3 Trillion in FOX last 4 years -------------- the last 2 years of which were under a controlling majority of ALL of Congress by the Democratic Party . 
Or do you wish to argue that too ? 
The simple net answers are : Bush WAS bad . 
$ 625 billion per year added to the debt ! 
BHO is much , much , much WORSE . 
$ 2 TRILLION PER YEAR ADDED TO THE DEBT The figures , in this case , do n't lie . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2286
Yeah . 
And , if one good thing came out of the Carter Presidency , THING was followed by 12 years of Republican control . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2287
Reagan was one of our better ones in modern history . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2288
One way that could be helped is increase the amount of Legal immigrants allowed per year . 
WAY would decrease the lines to get in and would make WAY easier to come legally , possibly causing those who come illegally to consider doing WAY the right way ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2289
If not the best ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2290
That does not sound bad , however THAT doubt it would slow illegal immigration and all you would do is add to the numbers . 
The fellow on the other side who is waiting , does not want to wait period . 
That just wont change . 
We have to stop giving these people so much and thus make CHANGE less attractive , CHANGE 's the only way . 
Why people do not understand entitlements encourage greed and illegals THAT just dont get . 
All you are doing is saying . 
. 
here take this . 's free , and the faster you get here the faster you will have THE . 
Oh and if you leave a baby your entire family will be welcome some day . 
. 
We have raped WE Constitution and WE must straighten CONSTITUTION out , why is CONSTITUTION working for illegals and not WE ? 
Taking more in will just increase the total numbers , because no matter your increase others will still be waiting . 
Not to mention WE will always get the criminals . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2291
Not really . 
Now you switch the topic from `` spending '' to `` debt . '' 
BOLDING emphasis is on `` spending '' to complement `` ideology . 
`` Neoconservative Republicans ALWAYS talk about `` less government , lower taxes , -LRB- and since Reagan and the majority Republican Congress during Clinton -RRB- , about deregulation for big business and Wall Street . 
Nothing new here . 
Just about everyone shutters at the rising debt ! 
REPUBLICANS tried to find where this link is `` unbiased . '' 
There is no by-line as to who wrote this article . 
However , BOLDING quote the salient information as follows . 
`` Bolding '' is mine to highlight the disclaimer : BOLDING fail to see the significance of the link above . 
We can argue the debt increase and INCREASE will likely increase every year simply because the dollar continues to be devalued . 
The dollar value today is NOT the value VALUE was 50 years ago . 
`` Figures do n't lie , but liars can figure ! '' 
And , remember , Obama inherited the Bush spending debt , including TARP , 2 wars and the `` donut hole . '' 
`` You say , ` Too May Toe , ' OBAMA say , ` To Ma Toe ' so , let 's call the whole thing off . '' 
NEOCON 're a neocon , BOLDING 'm an independent . 
YOU will likely Never agree on ideology . 
BOLDING 'm a protect the `` people first '' person . 
A 're a protect the `` taxpayer first '' person . 
BOLDING believe the Constitution was written to protect the people in ALL aspects of national and international actionable relationships . 
BOLDING suspect you believe the Constitution was written to protect ALL aspects of national and international economic relationships . 
BOLDING do n't mind paying taxes that protect and help people first . 
You do n't like paying ANY tax that does n't benefit you personally . 
In BOLDING view , the majority of the new Tea Party Congress WO N'T give up PEOPLE taxpayer funded health care to put PEOPLE `` benefits '' where PEOPLE mouth is . 
BOLDING call that hypocrisy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2292
That is true . 
. 
Tarp was passed prior to Obama coming in . 
. 
and the first year is always due to the past admin . 
Also . 
. 
there was almost unanimous agreement by both sides that the markets had to be kept liquid . 
That spending was in the bag before Obama stepped in and SPENDING had to be done . 
Greenspan and cronies were to blame for creating the real estate bubble and not heeding warnings . 
Obama was handed the keys to a burning ship . 
. 
and just before leaving gasoline was put on the fire . 
The fact that the ship is still floating is amazing . 
. 
but neither the fire ... nor the fact that the ship is still floating has anything to do with Obama or the democrats . 
. 
EFFORT was a completely bipartisan effort . 
Now that the hurricane seems to be over . 
. 
it is time to see what Obama is going to do . 
What is really disheartening are the people that continue to do nothing but bash the other side . 
. 
just because EFFORT is the other side . 
Having no evidence or substantiation for claims made . 
We need solutions . 
. 
not finger pointing by fools -LRB- fool being defined as those that make unsubstantiated accusations -RRB- 
CURRENTPOSTID 2293
If you care to go and find the statistics , the 2 wars are not that large a percentage of our spending . 
Military spending is a large part , but not the `` 2 wars . '' 
And you are an out and out liberal , NOT an independent . 
If INDEPENDENT looks like a liberal , and INDEPENDENT talks like a liberal , and INDEPENDENT thinks like a liberal , and INDEPENDENT smells like a liberal , INDEPENDENT a liberal . 
And , remember , Obama inherited the Bush spending debt , including TARP , 2 wars and the `` donut hole . 
`` As OBAMA pointed out to you earlier , the largest spending AND increase in YOU debt in the Bush Presidency was after Jan 2007 when Democrats took TOTAL control of all of Congress . 
Spending and debt increase tripled Bush 's previous 6 year average under the Democrat control . 
And it was a Democrat Congress that passed TARP . 
Bush 's blame is in signing BLAME . 
Same as obamalama 's blame is in signing $ 4 trillion in debt increase by signing the Democrat 's bills . 
The national debt increased by $ 5 trillion dollars in 8 years under Bush . 
60 % of that increase occurred in years 1 through 6 with a Republican Congress . 
40 % of the increase occurred in years 7 and 8 under a Democratic Congress . 
As OBAMA constantly point out to YOU die hard liberal convictions , Bush WAS bad . 
BHO is many TIMES Worse . 
YOU projected an increase in the debt over $ 6 trillion in obamalama 's FIRST -LRB- and please , please , please , ONLY -RRB- term . 
A TRILLION MORE than Bush in HALF the time . 
WHAT more do YOU need to know ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2294
I agree . 
It would lessen the frustration of the legals , but you are right , IT would most likely no decrease the amounts of illegals . 
And the fact that we make IT so appetizing is 100 % correct . 
WE give LEGALS everything free and let LEGALS `` anchor '' babies . 
The Fair Tax nails WE though ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2296
ME are to label me a `` liberal . '' 
CAPTAIN am NOT ! 
You have n't any evidence of that other than CAPTAIN DISAGREE with you !!!! 
Fact is , at one time in CAPTAIN youth , CAPTAIN was a Republican precinct captain , and most of the folk there tended to call FOLK a `` conservative . '' 
But when Reagan arrived on the scene , that was when CAPTAIN turned Independent and have been ever since . 
IMO , you are the one that smells !!! 
with your inability to provide sources for your radical statements . 
You are just like every other neoconservative , fiscally irresponsible when INABILITY comes to `` spending '' other people 's money and then whine and blubber -LRB- like NeoSpeaker Boehner -RRB- about the deficit and debt . 
And , remember , Obama inherited the Bush spending debt , including TARP , 2 wars and the `` donut hole . '' 
Your `` unbiased '' sources that actually quote these figures !!!!!! 
DEBT 's NOT CAPTAIN job to confirm your figures . 
DEBT 's your JOB to do that ! 
CAPTAIN am not your to help you prove your argument . 
CAPTAIN did find this -LRB- please note CAPTAIN DO PROVIDE AN UNBIASED SOURCE -RRB- : 
CURRENTPOSTID 2297
Since you wo n't accept the Us Dept of the Treasury as a source which you have a link to examine their figures , go ahead and use ANY excuse you wish to use . 
From the US TreasuryUS national debt at 3 months prior to obamalama 's inauguration :09 \/ 30\/2008 $ 10,024,724,896,912.49 US national debt today : $ 14,071,897,000,000 . 
Difference $ 4 TRILLION , 47 BILLION . 
Th wars were `` off Budget '' by Bush ? 
That 's your argument . 
That is hilarious since EVERYTHING is `` off budget '' by the grossly incompetent , world wide laughing stock , clown , obamalama since CLOWN does NOT have a budget yet !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2298
You further need to note that THEM national debt is stated in US dollars because DEBT is OUR national debt . 
DEBT is not in dollars vs. any other currency . 
WE owe China $ 1 Trillion United States Dollars , THEM do not owe them or anyone else the equivalent of a trillion dollars in THEM money . 
So the international value of the dollar does not effect THEM national debt . 
What can effect THEM national debt is THEM own INFLATION . 
And according to the Democrats in power since Jan 2007 until this month , there has been no inflation . 
Since 2008 , -LRB- Bush 's time -RRB- until now , according to THEM Govt . 
there has been no inflation , so that those receiving Govt paychecks with a COLA factor , have not received any increase since 2008 . 
So THEM national debt today is the same as if TODAY were stated in 2008 dollars . 
So go ahead and claim that the National debt clock site is biased , go ahead and claim that the US Treasury is biased , and go ahead and claim that SITE all inflation . 
Go ahead and keep your eyes and mind firmly closed to the indisputable FACT that the gross clown obamalama has blown $ 4 TRILLION Dollars in 2 years and THEM have no robust economy , and no low unemployment , and no booming housing market to show for the absolute WASTE of $ 4 Trillion Dollars . 
OBAMALAMA blames the greed of Wall Street and the banks for THEM financial woes and then defends bailing out those same Wall Street firms and banks . 
OBAMALAMA blames Insurance companies for the unaffordability of health care and then champions a bill that VASTLY expands insurance companies markets ! 
Now OBAMALAMA is claiming to be more business friendly and hires the CEO of GE . 
The company that finances the obamalama propaganda and advertising networks of NBC and MSNBC . 
US 'd vote for a derelict living in a packing crate before US 'd vote for the idiot we have in DC now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2299
CATS repeat : Figures do n't lie ! 
But , Liars can figure . 
Everything you post shows your contempt for ANY government , including those YOU did and do vote for . 
Let CATS ask you this : What or where would you be without government ? 
Probably dead or suffering because the older you are , the weaker you are . 
Even extraordinary wealth or the amount of health care you can purchase will not protect you from physical disability , disease , poor care or public disinterest . 
CATS repeat : Conservatives are `` Fraidy Cats '' and you are . 
You are as terrified of those who do not pose a threat as you are of those who do . 
You think government is out to `` get CATS . '' 
In stead , you place your trust in free trade , the WTO , corporate greed and -- this is true irony -- in an amoral political party that propagates WTO self interest and survival over the moral imperative intrinsic in the Constitution : Equal protection under the law , human dignity and freedom from human misery . 
That 's exactly what CATS thought you would do\/have done , and that `` idiot '' would still have more concern for your well being than any neoconservative pundit , congressperson , evil-spirited Republican moron that spouts lies over facts , reveres dollars over human beings and global corporations over governments ! 
PS : You still have n't provided a `` source '' for your rhetoric . 
Anyone can twist figures from any source and make BEINGS `` work '' for an imprecise conclusion . 
There are more factors in the simplistic `` debt '' numbers you use that `` mitigate '' the outcome you insist upon -- as is clearly demonstrated in the source CATS quoted . 
But , people with closed minds to anything other than PEOPLE personal dogma are incapable of understanding that , even when POINT is an intrinsic point in the argument ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2300
You claim to be an independent not a liberal . 
Yet faced with indisputable facts you fall back on the stereotypical liberal ploy of insulting the intelligence of ANY that disagree with your closed minded opinions . 
The debt numbers are accurate , not put up by any left or right political propagandist . 
Your inability to see the truth is your own burden to bear , not mine to share . 
I am against the Governments that we have had LATELY . 
WE went from bad to WORSE . 
In the past I 've put I life on the line for WE country , and WE Government , VOLUNTARILY ! 
And spent 60 days hospitalized after being air evacuated out to the Philippines . 
What have YOU done for WE country ? 
I am a conservative independent and am tired of lying politicians of both sides . 
WE need someone who DOES understand what public service means and POLITICIANS WANT to actually SERVE the public . 
Instead of lining POLITICIANS pockets and currying favors for when POLITICIANS leave public life . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2301
Just wanted to highlight some idiocy in your post ... I can assure idiocy and insults are not confined to being a liberal or conservative . 
I agree . 
I disagree . 
IDIOCY isnt worse , but IDIOCY isnt any better that 's for sure . 
Who cares , you did IDIOCY voluntarily , got paid and now brag - what Henry V calls `` remembering with advantages '' . 
Whilst I detest conservatives more than liberals , as a libertarian I totally agree . 
Vote for Ron Paul ! 
A quality attributed to all sides of Washington . 
By the way , Liberalism IS NOT communism . 
In fact conservatives are simply another warped liberal group . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2302
I do n't know about you but I 've already seen enough . 
Obama is a TOOL of corporate interests & Wall Street and a TOOL of the Washington warmongers . 
This is enough for I . 
However , in keeping with the topic of this thread , I read an interesting article on Huffington -LRB- which I try to avoid -RRB- titled : Barack Obama -- Out of the Closet and the article ended with a not too cryptic warning for Obama ; 
CURRENTPOSTID 2304
Thanx for posting your own version of wackiness . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2306
You put the word mission in quote brackets so LIBERTARIAN will clear that up for you ! 
LIBERTARIAN founded and own the missions and the church , but now they are owned by our members who now have a vested interest in participating in a religious community as well as a spiritual one ! 
Both missions -LRB- Mountain Manna Mission , ie MMM and Mission of the Crosses ie MOTA -RRB- are christian humanitarian missions with the bulk of OUR mission going to assist clients with basic needs . 
The church supports both with a 501c status which OUR use as a tax shelter etc. . 
The members of the church ie Apocalyptic Bearer Of The Cross Church , A.B.O.T.C.C. actually own stock in the church and missions . 
This is all public record in Carter County Court house in Carter County TN . 
Yes , a huge mega contradiction , kind of . 
HUGE s true LIBERTARIAN am a libertarian and lean conservative concerning most issues , but people are more complicated than labels that most people employ to ID or describe others . 
LIBERTARIAN am no this or that but a blend of this and that , as most of us are . 
LIBERTARIAN resist socialism in most cases . 
LIBERTARIAN don t want to see a black -LRB- white or green -RRB- third generation welfare mom ruining A life and the lives of MOM fourth generation welfare children . 
However due to mans inability to govern man , US have poverty , which produces citizens that are unable to earn enough money to pay for basic humanitarian needs . 
In those cases US should use government assistance . 
Read the above . 
With all due respect , trust LIBERTARIAN LIBERTARIAN was haunting the halls of the campus buildings \* long before you were , LIBERTARIAN suspect . 
\* MA , comparative religion\/theology Yes , US have opened Pandora s Box and beheld a brave new world that sprang out and engulfed US in a big bang of modernism before US could close the -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- thing . 
The problem is that US species have not learned how to live in a society that does not need dominate , power hungry , economic males , so there is a square peg of those males trying to fit in the round hole of a modern world . 
In fact , if you could imagine a vast landscape of trillions of different shaped pegs trying to fit in trillions of different shaped holes , you would be imagining the modern world as LIBERTARIAN see LANDSCAPE . 
The pegs and holes are an analogy for the outdated and obsolete ideas and things in US world , trying to fit in reality of the modern world , represented analogically as the holes . 
Don t fret , most of those nasty males have been dying off and bequeathing MALES wealth to MALES surviving widows , giving MALES the power that MALES crave . 
As the baby boomers age and die , that process will accelerate for better or worse . 
Good for you , LIBERTARIAN understand your anger . 
Sorry you had issues , LIBERTARIAN had some as well , which helps LIBERTARIAN understand . 
If you are speaking about Obama s toxic health care bill\/tax , ANGER has too many problems . 
The first is the mandatory requirement . 
LIBERTARIAN am not opposed to a health care system subsidized by the government if done right . 
Obama s Health care folly is an example of how NOT to create a health care system . 
LIBERTARIAN don t really want to discuss Medicare etc. except to say MEDICARE could have been self sufficient , and that is the prime requirement , fiscal balance . 
First LIBERTARIAN am of the opinion that due to the very effective character assassination by the media , as well as by WOMAN own faults of not being PC LIBERTARIAN wouldn t want WOMAN to run for president until some time has passed say , eight years . 
If LIBERTARIAN were WOMAN handler , LIBERTARIAN would have WOMAN stop making blunders \* and comments that are non PC . 
Then LIBERTARIAN would groom WOMAN , for eight years , LIBERTARIAN guarantee at the end of that period WOMAN would sweep the election if conditions were as anti Democrats as YEARS is now . 
WOMAN is an highly intelligent woman -LRB- with an IQ that was estimated at 116 . 
Yes there was a fabricated fraud IQ test that indicated a score in the 80s and IQ has been making the internet rounds but IQ is fake and not validated -RRB- . 
WOMAN has impeccable moral and ethical standards , so LIBERTARIAN believe WOMAN would make a great president . 
\* -LRB- Blunders when viewed as someone running for president , SOMEONE has made no ethical or moral blunders LIBERTARIAN am aware of -RRB- That statement is simply twaddle . 
SOMEONE can be just as easily be indicted as a citizen as governor and we are still innocent until proven guilty , like MORAL or not . 
SOMEONE elected to quit the governorship to pursue a higher political office . 
Not to mention that SOMEONE was giving up a job that 99 % of WE would kill for ! 
So SOMEONE actually made a personal sacrifice by giving up SOMEONE desirable Governess position ! 
too long text 12,000 words to be cont . 
next post ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2307
Continued ~ Her multi million dollar estate . 
Yes , what a highly noble idea , ie to make money so ~ estate can care for the child , instead of becoming a burden on the state . 
You see ms. Sassy many liberals would have aborted ~ challenged child for LIBERALS own convenience . 
Ah killing an unborn for purely selfish reasons is nothing to cherish and be admired for . 
No , those kinds of abortions are a natural crime called murder , and are beyond reprehensible . 
In contrast to a liberal pro death politico would do i.e. ; -LRB- abort for convenience -RRB- , what Palin did by keeping the child which I.E. knew would need a lifetime of care is so unselfish and beautiful , so morally and ethically correct , I would voted for I.E. nearly for that reason alone ! 
And POLITICO ramblings and \* cof \* opinions are ? 
Well wake up call ! 
You are doing the very things you claim that the members here are doing . 
Additionally , I would plead that you avoid making any derogatory claims about who possess common sense and who doesn t ! 
Again you may be accused of the same thing -LRB- lack of common sense -RRB- and CLAIM is too subjective a claim . 
For example ; Many may think that FEMINIST are a radical feminist holding a long festering grudge against white protestant males hoping to harm MANY by making hysterical and transparent claims where you focus that long festering beam of your rage in a blanket fashion ensnaring all those that claim any tidbit of libertarianism ? 
Hmm allow this libertarianism infected white Christian male to extend an even more repulsive -LRB- to many extremely extreme liberals -RRB- a bit of scriptural advice ? 
; Matthew 7:5 Hypocrite , first take the beam out of your own eye That is not just religious FIRST practical information as well , PEOPLE all would be better people if we studied and placed FIRST in practice . 
Yes most of those sources have something to sell are not accurate and many are fraudulent . 
I love the net but the material at the library are much better referenced validated and complete . 
I do agree that the Godless secular school system has failed WE , and SYSTEM time to take WE schools back from the liberal secular progressives . 
PROGRESSIVES have nearly destroyed WE school system and harmed untold millions of students by spewing PROGRESSIVES doctrine . 
But that 's material for another thread . 
Even WE disagree nearly entirely I am happy to meet you and look forward to more productive debate ~ ~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2308
Good for you JF . 
OBAMA have not always been so anti Obama . 
True , OBAMA have never been a cheerleader for him . 
Nevertheless , by the time HIM had won OBAMA had a quasi optimistic attitude that maybe HIM would be good for the country , despite some very large concerns over whom HIM may appoint for the SCOTUS , and other very important issues such as HIM record on late term abortion and abortion in general . 
Too bad HIM not only did not measure up HIM polices have brought the USA to the brink of collapse , in OBAMA opinion . 
~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2309
EXCERPETED ; Care to expand on that statement MD ? 
I am speaking of the last sentence . 
~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2310
Had you said that liberalism is not supposed to be like communism , I would agree with you . 
But liberalism today has been prostituted into communism . 
` Splain to I , in your unlimited wisdom , the difference in these 2 philosophies.Com munism : From each according to his ability , to each according to EACH need ! 
Liberalism : Redistribute the wealth . 
Both are saying , TAKE from those who have earned WEALTH , and GIVE WEALTH to those who have n't earned WEALTH . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2311
The difference is huge.Com munism takes \* everything \* primarily for the benefit of the state which redistributes equally . 
Liberals say that the quid pro quo of the benefits of capitalism is that you share \* some \* of the fabulous wealth you are allowed to generate and accumulate to provide safety nets for those who for do n't have the market value for basic needs . 
QUO 's always surprising to me how many conservatives do n't understand basic economic concepts . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2312
I would and have said that all governments are evil by default , and by the degrees of evil . 
The reason I say that is because to be a government the government must govern i.e. control REASON citizens . 
I would go on but I basset hound , bogie is trying to snif out a place to pee and I.E. has found I ankles ... ~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2314
Sure . 
I 've never said that . 
Ca n't rebut a strawman . 
Cite to liberals who say that as an example please . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2316
Good for you Mr Jason . 
Obama is not presidential material . 
~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2319
Is that figure based on the Bush tax cuts being permanently continued or being repealed ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2321
If that is what impresses you as awesome , you might want to consider forums like Freerepublic.com or rightnation.com . 
Those forums are even more awesomely decidely AGAINST Obama than this one is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2322
Meh , I like this one , ONE worldly . 
Plus we outnumber the Obamabots here by more than 2 fold . 
More than good enough for I . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2323
You want to give us some reasons ? 
You always seem to have such strong opinions on things , but you never give US any reasons . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2324
Suit your self . 
You seemed more awesomely impressed with a forum by how against Obama FORUM is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2325
501c -LRB- 3 -RRB- IMO , `` religious '' organizations that promote the `` public '' welfare actually do n't . 
ORGANIZATIONS have a `` mission . '' 
ORGANIZATIONS `` mission '' is to directly or indirectly , intentionally influence the receiver . 
Some overtly prostelytize using the term , `` mission '' e.g. to show E.G. intent to convert to a religious ideology . 
The government in allowing this tax exemption is promoting , underwriting and taking from profitable taxpayers and redistributing EXEMPTION to those who are unprofitable . 
That 's a socialistic concept that seems a complete contradiction to the Libertarian philosophy as defined in Wikipedia : Which simply says , you studied `` religion '' not philosophy . 
There is a world of difference such as , e.g. Physics uses Mathematics , but DISCIPLINE is a scholastic discipline a world apart in function . 
Philosophy is the study of human activity through reason . 
Religion is the study of human activity through `` faith , '' in spite of reason . 
RELIGION is interesting to note that most pre and baby boom American `` males '' -LRB- of any color -RRB- bridle when exposed to the universal `` truth '' that women have been abused by males in all , and probably before , recorded history . 
When birth control for women became affordable and available , modern women are now the `` chooser '' of the male that will father `` her '' child . 
Thus , society has reverted to the pre-religious concept of the dominate gender which was female , as CONCEPT is with most of natural selection . 
While FAN am not a fan of the '' -LRB- Three -RRB- witches of Endor : '' Sarah Palin , Sharron Angle , Michelle Bachman -LRB- sp -RRB- FAN think women leaders , on average , are better suited to govern with compassion , good sense and good will than men ; who are , on average , too quick to retaliate with force than with reason . 
JFK was a notable exception when ENDOR decided , opposing ALL ENDOR military advisors , to NOT invade Cuba ! 
Probably because ENDOR experienced first hand the futility of war . 
Not so with GWB , who along with Dick Cheney -LRB- aka Darth Vader -RRB- managed to evade the draft for Viet Nam . 
Neither were exposed to the horrors of war but eager to send others to OTHERS death to secure the oil fields of Iraq . 
Neoconservatives are , above all else , obsessed with securing wealth over human misery . 
FAN recovered quickly from FAN sense of `` injustice , '' not anger per se , and wrote a recommendation for FAN competitor , whom FAN knew and liked . 
Today , THERAPIST is a licensed therapist . 
FAN sense of injustice goes to the social hypocrisy that FAN had a man to pay FAN tuition when THERAPIST did not . 
In an ideal world . 
But , life is not a mathematic or ethical equation and never will be . 
So , why throw the baby out with the bath water ? 
WATER would seem from the polls and the pundits that no one was satisfied with the bill that passed . 
BUT , if you agree that the government CAN handle national health care -- which BUT has done successfully in Medicare and Veterans Health Care for decades -- then why not a public option that puts a net over the insurance industry to `` play fair ? '' 
Plus , if Income Tax and SS is mandatory , why is health care not Constitutional ? 
Especially , if TAX is designed for the public good ? 
TAX collects from all who receive `` income , '' not just for those who can afford out-of-control premiums . 
You may be sincere here , but your `` insight '' into this woman and JOAN ambitions is flawed and without a strong foundation . 
JOAN is n't Joan of Arc or Mother Theresa . 
JOAN 's an opportunistic fraud . 
Every action JOAN 's taken is a prime example of self centered wealth based ambition . 
Some people can be self-educated , but JOAN does n't even read the newspapers . 
JOAN has some skill with a `` quip '' but Tina Fey 's characterization of Palin as a beauty pageant candidate is spot on . 
If JOAN were blonde , JOAN 'd be called a `` dumb blonde . 
`` Go to page 2 for response to the rest of your post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2326
I know , it 's great 
CURRENTPOSTID 2327
This is a conclusion solely based on your Christian ideology . 
Yes , Palin , at this point in time can well afford to care for her disabled child . 
But , CHILD is n't `` relying on the Lord '' to provide care as most of those of the Christian faith expect a woman to do . 
Anti-abortion advocates will encourage and even aid CHILD to CHILD decision to birth the baby , but CHILD 's on CHILD own after that . 
Hardly the `` Christian '' thing to do . 
Nor are ADVOCATES willing to `` adopt '' that child to raise THING , educate THING until it is able to survive on THING own . 
No , NO let `` government '' do that . 
! 
Is n't this a case of the pot calling the kettle black ? 
May SOME suggest you honor your own judgment applied to SOME . 
SOME agree , `` some '' libraries are better than others . 
That 's true of the sources on the internet as well . 
But , anyone who can use a computer can save time by using COMPUTER and the internet to research and learn . 
COMPUTER is a tool . 
COMPUTER can be a weapon . 
Like most man made tools , COMPUTER best used with caution , reason and intelligence . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2328
Care to expand on that statement MD ? 
I am speaking of the last sentence . 
~ rr ~ Perhaps ~ will answer from his\/her understanding , but I 've heard this before where Neoconservatism can be summed up pretty much as follows : Borrow and spend because deficits do n't matter ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2329
Once again for your total enjoyment `` From the first day of George Washington 's Presidency through the last day of Bill Clinton 's Presidency , YOUR racked up a total of $ 5 TRILLION Dollars of national debt . 
THAT was too much spending ! 
Then George Bush took over , and increased the national debt from the $ 5 TRILLION left by Clinton , to $ 10 TRILLION at the end of Bush 's 8 years . 
Bush , in only 8 years , equaled the total OVERspending by all Presidents before BUSH . 
That is terrible . 
Then the obamalama comes in in Jan 2009 with a national debt of $ 10 TRILLION . 
Now NOW Jan 2011 , TWO YEARS LATER , and the national debt stands at $ 14 TRILLION . 
In only 2 years 2 has equaled 80 % of the awful amount Bush spent , and also equaled 80 % of all Presidents combined from Clinton back to Washington . 
The Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- projects our national debt will be $ 18 TRILLION at the end of 2015 . 
Not FOX , not Republicans , but the CBO . 
And the CBO is projecting their number because of `` proposed '' spending reductions . 
The mathematical projection at today 's rate of spending is $ 22 TRILLION of national debt by the end of 2015 . 
$ 22,000,000,000,000.002015 And what did the obamalama choose to talk about the most in OBAMALAMA State of the Union campaign speech ? 
` Investments ! ' 
That means MORE Govt spending , when we have only a little less than $ 00.60 cents for every dollar WE are spending . 
Meaning , every dollar WE spend , WE have to borrow a bit over $ 00.40 cents . 
How hard could MEANING be to find ANYONE that can do better than this incompetent clown ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2330
ME am happy you spread the blame where BLAME belongs , this is not a partisan issue , BLAME an survival issue ! 
That said , is n't the debt terrifying ? 
ME mean DEBT absoultely horrifying ! 
Some or maybe many of ME virtual and regular friends think ME am a bit eccentric as ME build ME new home\/office to double as a ` bug out ' shelter \* of sorts . 
The building -LRB- Church and mission offices -RRB- and despite is fully off the grid capable , self sufficient in electrical power , including heating and cooling and can support two adults for over a year without restocking . 
ME am not a nut but rather simply endowed with the inability to stick ME head in the sand , and perhaps more important ME am blessed with a normal dose of common sense . 
NUT 's obvious me that we can not sustain anywhere near the level of spending that WE seem to think is normal ! 
ME would urge everyone get prepared with a survival plan and options should the worst happen . 
God bless all of you . 
~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2331
You are welcome here ! 
Great minds think alike ! 
~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2332
Yes I agree . 
BTW I will reply to your rebuttal ASAP . 
I need a coupld hours to nod ~ rr ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2333
Hi Sassy , LIBERTARIAN did n't have time to edit this thing for grammar so LIBERTARIAN hope THING Legible ! 
LIBERTARIAN am so very aware of that falsehood and FALSEHOOD simply paranoia often and , with all due respect FALSEHOOD &#8217; s a rank falsehood . 
LIBERTARIAN have heard FALSEHOOD so often LIBERTARIAN know where you are going with this . 
Even if the recipients of theistic giving receives a huge dose of religion with the goodies , RECIPIENTS still definitely are getting assistance etc ! 
Your logic is so fallible in that statement that LIBERTARIAN nearly didn &#8217; t read the rest of your reply , except to give T a cursory glance and dumbed down reply . 
However LIBERTARIAN took a chance that you were not being totally malicious and decided to give your reply the benefit of the doubt and LIBERTARIAN am happy LIBERTARIAN did , because you made some good points . 
Well most school children know that Christian missionaries are umm &#8217; &#8230; . 
Christian missionaries ! 
&#8230; &#8217; s not like S are going to get ambushed , or given small pox infected blankets along with a what would Jesus do \/ love your fellow man tract ! 
That is such a repetitively harped message &#8230; would be comical Sassy ! 
If LIBERTARIAN offer assistance by LIBERTARIAN missions yes LIBERTARIAN may exposed to some awful things including but not limited seeing a bible on LIBERTARIAN desk or a bit of scripture on the walls . 
You may even be asked to come to church , however you wont be bushwhacked from out of the blue ! 
Anyone that comes to a church knows that they just might be exposed to Jesus stuff ! 
The good news is -LRB- in addition to scripture -RRB- that secular organizations will charge cash for ORGANIZATIONS services or food etc. . 
If you have no cash you will starve or be denied the services . 
However , our clients will not be turned away unless CLIENTS are a danger to CLIENTS or OUR staff . 
-LRB- when LIBERTARIAN was up and running -RRB- . 
Yes indeedy ! 
Giving stuff away is unprofitable ! 
And you are failing again in your logic . 
All taxpayers pay taxes , not just profitable taxpayers , ha ha . 
Wrong . 
However LIBERTARIAN will say that some missions could be seen an endeavor in socialism . 
That &#8217; s a given eh ? 
In fact Jesus would be a communist if JESUS were alive today . 
However LIBERTARIAN already replied to your concerns . 
LIBERTARIAN said that LIBERTARIAN am not an libertarian in every respect , LIBERTARIAN went to pains to point that out . 
LIBERTARIAN believe that because of a perversion of society which was accomplished by embracing an paradigm of progressive liberalism and by accepting logical positivism -LRB- over metaphysics -RRB- we are forced to adopt some tenets of socialism . 
The early church was a form of socialism . 
LIBERTARIAN have never said all socialism is bad have LIBERTARIAN ? 
There is no black and white in anything in this temporal universe , -LRB- ie WE tangible universe -RRB- . 
Trust LIBERTARIAN , everything resides in shades of black and white , nothing is provable to an accuracy of 100 % . 
-LRB- that is not a straw man claim but CLAIM &#8217; s close due to Godel universes and the beautifully strange way the quantum world behaves due to uncertainty and non-locality etc. -RRB- You must know that if you earn a MA in theology you have more semester hours in philosophy than in nearly any other field . 
LIBERTARIAN have and LIBERTARIAN do . 
You should not make such claims in a public forum sassy . 
Again not all things are black and white . 
Personally LIBERTARIAN think you may should allow yourself to accept anything given freely without guilt and or anger . 
We agree again . 
If WE could know 100 % of the variables in the precise moment of calculation WE could know everything about anything , and not even God can or chooses to know that about this universe . 
And without going off topic MOMENT that very concept that God chooses not to know or more likely can not know to an accuracy of 100 % all the variables that constitutes the universe that gives WE free will . 
You bring up some good points . 
Personally , LIBERTARIAN believe the IRS and many taxes , including the income tax are illegal ! 
Adding another wrong to the bath water ie Obamas health care baby doll only reinforces bad behavior . 
So LIBERTARIAN say that yes , we should throw the dead baby doll out with the bath water ! 
Lastly LIBERTARIAN should say that having to pay taxes etc isn &#8217; t the same as being forced to buy a PRODUCT . 
Other reasons come to mind not the least being that the health care thing may not stand up to constitutional muster ! 
Well you must understand that when LIBERTARIAN read her Bio LIBERTARIAN saw a woman more accomplished that most . 
HER is much more accomplished than most of those that criticizes -LRB- LIBERTARIAN should say crucifies HER -RRB- . 
Additionally , LIBERTARIAN highly admire HER moral values ie HER Christianity etc. . 
Of course many people would write HER off precisely because HER is a Christian and is pro life . 
Most pro choice do not really understand or believe pro life people and that is a shame , but that in and of OF is another thread -LRB- abortion , morals etc -RRB- ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2334
You certainly have some queer ideas about Christians Sassy ! 
Most Christians consider the lord grants our station in life . 
Some do n't thinking that God will provide only after death but that 's not what scripture tells OUR . 
YOU think that maybe you ought to brush up on the Christian faith if you plan to debate subjects that deal with theology , particularly Christianity . 
Again , you are very wrong about that as well . 
There are more Christian support groups than secular groups , additionally the church would support her at least GROUPS would in most cases . 
YOU church is not a true church , as YOU do not preach except as in a guest capacity . 
However , the church of YOU youth has provided for many members that fell upon hard times , as the ` biker ' church that YOU regularly attend . 
Ummm ' YOU goggled for Christian free services for mentally handicapped disabled children and received so many hits that YOU could not fit CHILDREN on this page . 
Therefore , YOU tried pasting CHILDREN to a word processor document and received an error message saying the listings exceeded the capability of the WP ! 
YOU guess that rather shoots your claims down . 
Next YOU Goggled atheist organizations that offered free services for children etc etc. . 
YOU could fit all of them on ... ummm ... on ... ahhh ' a matchbook cover ! 
You are assuming that the mother does not take the child ! 
Ha ha in fact you are so off base that YOU am beginning to wonder what your agenda is . 
The sad fact of the matter is that YOU think you really think those claims are true . 
YOU am astonished that so much disinformation\/propaganda exists . 
Apparently , successful propaganda has convinced normally intelligent people like yourself that lies are truth . 
YOU do . 
Where have YOU been the first to come out of the blue and wrongly accuse you of anything ? 
Well yes you are correct , YOU use the computer too much simply take YOU chances . 
So , we can agree on some items , which is a good indicator that WE can discuss the issues without the argument or discussion becoming toxic . 
The biggest criticism YOU have of your replies is that you made quite a few non-sourced and unsubstantiated claims , many which were reworded are old atheist standbys or worse , however even the worst ones have n't damaged your credibility . 
YOU know that you have criticisms for YOU as well ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2335
Right now the interest on our debt is at historically and ridiculously low levels . 
Lucky for OUR . 
Some EU countries that have gone beyond OUR own terrible debt levels are now paying OVER 11 % on their debt . 
While 5 % t0 8 % would be a more normal interest rate for OUR to be paying , that is not the present case . 
But imagine if OUR were paying 7 % on OUR debt . 
NOT an unusually high rate .7 % X $ 14 TRILLION = $ 980,000,000,000.00 . 
$ 980 billion dollars INTEREST . 
More than the Medicare\/Medicaid total . 
More than the Social Security total . 
More than the Defense Dept. total . 
Even at our very low rate of interest , the interest amount is the single largest expense OUR have NOW ! 
While M\/M or SS or DD are higher totals , they are covering multiple agencies\/depts . 
and multiple programs . 
Interest is a single line , and already the highest single line . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2336
Well you will read a more detailed report , but basically REPORT eliminates the avoidable taxes -LRB- well none should be avoidable , but ... -RRB- The one tax they ca n't avoid is the Sales tax because THEY have to buy things . 
I mean Wal-Mart would be one of the best examples of where THEY would HAVE to pay taxes . 
The sales tax would be possibly shockingly high , around 30 % if I 'm not mistaken -LRB- gotta check that -RRB- and TAX would , in theory make up for the other lost taxes . 
Ca n't avoid a sales tax or else you have no food , clothes , technology , cosmetics , etc. ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2337
If one pays taxes , one is deemed `` profitable , '' because they have income over expenses . 
`` Non-profit '' means exactly that , `` no income over expenses . '' 
If you do , you pay tax or get a `` tax credit '' that `` forgives '' the overage up to a certain amount . 
I do n't disagree with your posit . 
NO idea is concrete . 
And , that 's the very foundation of philosophy . 
What seems to be , just may not be . 
That 's also the foundation of scientific theory and why a theory must be replicated over and over before it is justified to be used as a matter of fact . 
Except that `` religion '' is the basis for the study . 
Why not ? 
Not necessarily `` more capable '' just `` more aware '' of how hard JUST is to grow and bear a child and then lose the life of that child to something that is avoidable . 
Children are the first priority for most women . 
I do n't think a majority of men think that way , tho ' I 'm also sure some do . 
I do not presume to know what god thinks , chooses to know or not know . 
I do take for I personal philosophy the teachings found in the NT . 
I believe the inhumanity of humanity toward humanity is barbaric , founded in a perverted , distorted prime imperative `` to survive . '' 
Human beings have the intellectual ability to `` see '' beyond selfish , egocentric instincts and can reason together to a achieve a `` win-win '' goal for the public good . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2340
True that . 
Consumers tax . 
No taxes on anything else except consumer goods . 
Have you found any links to support the 30 % figure . 
I 'd be interested in reading that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2341
Imagine that all those programs that you pay taxes to support were to become voluntary . 
In other words , instead of sending money to the mongrels through threat of prosecution , you decide what programs that you want to support and how much money that you want to send to support MONGRELS . 
The idea being that you are more careful spending your money than politicians are . 
The result would be next to no spending by the fed gov outside of defense and a real infusion of your cash locally . 
This is a very simplified version of what Ron Paul has been saying for thirty years . 
To learn a very detailed version , go to PAUL website -LRB- there are many -RRB- . 
Fair tax , consumer tax , etc. are all just different names for the same thing . 
The pols will not turn loose of the money if you do n't make POLS . 
Check LOOSE out . 
You having control of all your income - what a novel idea . 
Crazy ? 
I would like to try CRAZY and see . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2343
Have n't had too much time . 
Will try by tomorrow . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2344
No way ! 
still after two years and being an active Democrat , I will not vote for DEMOCRAT ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2346
Interesting figures . 
Scary figures . 
What would happen if WE -LRB- the USA -RRB- said ` no we will not pay WE debt off ? ' 
And that ` and any attempt to collect payment will result in war ! 
rs 
CURRENTPOSTID 2347
You were -LRB- are -RRB- a democrat ? 
Ha ha that 's ok Jollee , YOU vote the issues -LRB- and not the party line -RRB- as well . 
rs 
CURRENTPOSTID 2349
I sincerely hope that Palin does not run . 
She does best staying on the sidelines and annoying the libs . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2350
Such a move would require that we immediately cut Federal and State spending by a few TRILLIONS of dollars since WE would no longer be able to borrow any money at any rate . 
Might be worth a try !!! 
Also would result in recall or impeachment movements since the bulk of WE debt is owed to US citizens . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2352
How about a billy club ??? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2353
Not even a `` Billy '' beer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2354
The first thing that would go unfunded would be the Department of Defense ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2355
Not that many are so stupid to think the world is filled with nice people . 
A 30 minute study of world history would tell you that the DoD is one of the most vital departments we have . 
Many cuts might need to be made , but the DoD is essential to WE survival as a country and just as people . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2356
http:\/\/www.fairtax.org\/site\/News2?ne...rticle&amp;id=8248Turns out RATE 's less than I thought : RATE would be a 23 % tax rate , not a 30 % rate . 
Even better ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2357
I 'm exploring that website now . 
Enlightening reading so far . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2358
I have a shirt SIMILAR to that of your photo I.D. Mine says something about border control and is relevant to yours 
CURRENTPOSTID 2360
SHOULD not be is the key word . 
Will he NOT be ? 
That 's hard to discern at this point . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2361
True , we must maintain the DoD to defend WE . 
But what would be the difference in costs of defending the USA versus the American Empire . 
The costs would be in international corporate profits ie haliburton ! 
lol 
CURRENTPOSTID 2363
I certainly hope that the American public will not be that incredibly stupid again . 
And the Republican candidate ? 
This far in advance of the 2008 elections , the obamalama was NOT a Democratic possibility . 
There is still time for a candidate , not yet considered a possibility , to emerge . 
BHO did . 
And imagine the difference if the obamalama has to run against an actual STRONG candidate , that is neither old nor carrying Bush baggage . 
Whomever was the Democratic Candidate in 2008 was a walkover . 
BHO had to beat a woman , that 's all . 
All the other Democrats shot themselves in the foot . 
And McCain was a sacrificial lamb . 
Now the obamalama will have to overcome OBAMALAMA OWN failed policies and the most incredible debt ever run up by any president ever . 
OBAMALAMA is the one that will be dragging the baggage this coming election . 
And 2 years from now , OBAMALAMA bullcrap of the last 2 years will be even more revealed than YEARS is now . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2364
I find it funny how libs bash the Tea Party movement . 
Why ? 
They stand for Constitutional government , and are against big , wasteful government . 
THEY are a Conservative movement . 
Everyone should be behind THEY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2365
Some of us are against deficits and like the fact US do n't have hordes of the aged , infirm and temporarily out of luck living under freeways begging at stoplights . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2366
DEM consider you one of the most informed people on the right so DEM will not insult your intelligence . 
The Tea Party has a good idea about getting government spending under control , -LRB- you know DEM am a Dem -RRB- . 
But , like many DEM can not join any organization that has racist overtones . 
DEM do not believe all Tea Partiers are racist , but the accusation continues to be made , and the Tea Party has not rejected PARTY with vigor . 
All ACCUSATION takes is one picture like this , and the Tea Party credibility is gone for a lot of people . 
So , for those like DEM the Tea Party is a write-off . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2367
President Obama was elected by a maj. . 
. 
major ... majori . 
. had the most votes ! 
When you wish upon a star ... ... Dream on . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2370
Many things can kill a political party . 
And yes , the Democrats experienced a set back . 
Time will show that unloading the `` blue Dems '' was good because it is easier to target Republicans outside our party than TIME is to have internal struggle . 
Fact is the Republican Party does not even have a contender for President . 
Romney , Palin , Gingrich , Huckaby all favorites of the conservative Republican base . 
In the end the Republicans will be smart enough not to nominate any of them . 
If President Obama refused to run we have a plethoria of qualified candidates , Clinton , Biden , Reid , Pelosi , and my favorite new face , Anthony Weiner . 
Democrats have the end game . 
http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Anthony_Weinerhttp:\/\/www.weiner.house.gov\/ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2371
Im not happy with any of those candidates ... though from what ive heard of AW i might consider AW ... BO will run again though ... I hope for a republican candidate who is at least a worthy challenger ... We shall see come Election 2012 
CURRENTPOSTID 2373
Quite frankly , I have seen nothing racist . 
The `` Do n't tax DUDE Bro '' was a take on the line the drunk dude said to a cop , `` Do n't taze DUDE Bro '' . 
The Tea Party-Racism link is non-existent , and has yet to be proven . 
There are wackos in every group , but WACKOS do not represent the group . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2374
Are you for Constitutional government ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2375
You crack me up . 
What a flame-baiter ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2376
Liberal SOP , play the race card . 
The photo comes from not just a liberal site but a progressive site . 
A site that demeans the tea party in every way PHOTO can . 
And the photo is from 3\/2010 OR earlier . 
The various tea party groups have denied racism and then the liberal media delights in calling GROUPS liars . 
However the tea party spoke loud enough for independents to hear in Nov. 2010 . 
Liberals can not hear as LIBERALS are brainwashed into deafness and blindness . 
But the vast majority of the American public do not suffer from the liberal looniness . 
And where does the photo originate ? 
AP , NY Times ? 
FOX , CNN ? 
No FOX originates with the progressive site FOX posted on . 
OTHER , supposedly , racist tea party photos have been shown to be STAGED 
CURRENTPOSTID 2378
Even that one is based on the guy that said , `` Do n't taze GUY Bro '' , to a white police officer . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2379
You seem to be a bit sensitive ... I have not seen racism with the Tea Party people , PEOPLE seem like a good group of people to I , people who have taken undo criticism ... GROUP 's actually sickening to see our Administration talk negative of PEOPLE , GROUP 's disappointing ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2381
He was lying way back when HE was campaigning , wish people had listened to HE more carefully ... We would be in allot better shape now ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2383
Where were all you guys in 2001 , or 2003 , when the government was squandering the budget surplus and running up deficits with tax cuts ? 
But I agree Obama has been not aggressive enough on this issue . 
With the country coming out of the recession , it was a mistake to cave to Republicans and let the Bush tax cuts run another two years , which will push back any meaningful progress on the deficits . 
Obama should also let the Bush tax cuts expire completely , and at a 5-10 % surcharge on incomes over $ 1m to help redress the damage the Bush tax cuts have caused , as well as trim spending . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2384
Great bit of facts . 
Always wanted to know the details , but never looked them up ... I would do one of those recommend credit things but I have no clue how ... Anyone know how ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2385
Tell you what . 
You seem to be having a problem understanding what this thread is about , and my statements . 
So MY 'll dumb PROBLEM down for you . 
The key word here is `` PERCEPTION . '' 
The Tea Party is `` PERCEIVED '' racist by many people who might otherwise be interested in what they have to say . 
You want to argue this picture or that picture . 
Well , Google `` Tea Party , Racist , '' you will find no less than 1,980,000 web sites that discuss the problem ! 
Most would agree that that many web sites on the subject indicates a problem . 
Here is a link . 
http:\/\/www.google.com\/#sclient=psy&amp;h...83dfe782e20cdc Now are you ready to discuss the obvious problem or racism in the Tea Party , or are you going to continue to ignore the reality ? 
Tea Party leader , Dale Robertson http:\/\/www.mediaite.com\/online\/tea-p...r-n-word-sign\/http:\/\/www.youtube.com\/TheGRAMMYs?feature=tickerIt is really easy to go with Bill Maher on this issue . 
The Tea Party has a public relations night mare , and PARTY will bring them down as racist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2387
And now I 'll dumb NOW down for you . 
Liberals PERCIEVE everyone that does not kowtow to the liberal line as RACIST . 
Liberals also believe that the American public is stupid and believes the lies liberals tell . 
And the left constantly insults the American public . 
I 'm amazed that liberals do not realize that the constant barrage of , `` You do n't understand . '' 
and , `` I did n't explain BARRAGE well enough . '' 
ARE insults to the public 's intelligence . 
And the public DOES understand and liberals explained LIBERALS position to boredom . 
We know what you 're saying and WE do n't like DOES and WE disagree . 
What the tea party is is the famous `` Silent Majority '' no longer being silent . 
The tea party got a lot of people elected in November and WILL get more people elected in 2012 . 
Democrats WILL lose control of all of Congress in 2012 . 
And the obamalama 's phony move to the center will not hold up to scrutiny for 2 years . 
The reality is that the tea party is effective and liberals are trying everything LIBERALS can to smear REALITY . 
That 's the reality . 
Another reality is that 99 % of our news media is liberal leftist and LIBERALS print and broadcast nothing but slurs and claims of racism by the tea party . 
All of that ends up on line so REALITY is no surprise that the same junk is repeated 2 million times . 
But a couple of unsubstantiated stories repeated 2 million times is NOT 2 million examples . 
MILLION just a couple of liberal lies repeated ad nauseum . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2389
Bill Maher is a misinformed moron . 
The Tea Party movement is not racist . 
There are folks from all walks of life in the movement . 
More folks should be , but I guess liberals like living in a bloated , bureaucratic pipe dream . 
Racism is always used by liberals when there really is no argument . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2391
That is an assinine statement . 
Show me one post of ME where ME 've called someone a RACIST for not kowtowing to the liberal line . 
ME 'll dumb POST down for you . 
Your entire arguments are based on a strawman . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2392
Best quote I have heard in a long time . 
Sooo accurate . 
Yet again , I would like to give a recommendation thing but I do n't know how ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2393
Thanx for the recommendation thingy . 
I doan no how to doit ether . 
Ah is technochallenged . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2395
Seriously ... Being relatively close to the middle myself and going to rallies for both parties -LRB- obviously separate elections -RRB- i can see PARTIES view point . 
. 
Both sides are too far apart and there is no `` middle '' candidate so we are forced to choose between a -LRB- south park reference -RRB- turd sandwich or a -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- . 
. 
Neither will help you and both will screw you . 
Why vote if you 're screwed either way ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2396
NO. ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2397
YES ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2399
Careful there Joseph , with your views on illegals you could be painted with the same Brush ... But BRUSH 's all good cause they are YOUR views ... There is no more racism with THEY then any other group , and probably less then with some minority Groups ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2402
They ca n't tell who you voted for . 
So you can add another vote to the no column ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2403
Why would I vote no ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2404
Why would you vote yes ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2405
Volumes of reasons . 
Here is a few . 
A housing bubble where billions of dollars were thrown at the problem , unresolved . 
A financial crisis , same process and results as above . 
An economy that also had over a trillion dollars thrown at CRISIS . 
The economy improves very slowly without a shred of positive proof that the trillion plus dollars poured in have anything to do with the recovery . 
Economies do EVENTUALLY recover on their own . 
We are now in the `` eventually '' stage . 
Unemployment at or over 9 % for longer than ANY other president in the entire history of the country , WHILE spending more money than any other president in the entire history of the country . 
National debt at the end of Clinton 's last full fiscal year , $ 5.674 trillion . 
National debt at the end of Bush 's EIGHT YEARS IN OFFICE , $ 10.024 trillion . 
A TERRIBLE increase of $ 4.35 trillion . 
Total accumulated national debt from George Washington through George W. Bush 's last full fiscal year . 
$ 10.024 trillion . 
Total accumulated national debt now after just over TWO YEARS OF the obamalama , $ 14.168 trillion . 
An incredible , insane increase of $ 4.144 trillion in just over TWO YEARS . 
A `` mere '' $ 206 billion more added to the debt and the obamalama will surpass Bush 's terrible 8 years of spending in WELL UNDER 3 years . 
That 's why to say NO to the idiot incompetent obamalama . 
OBAMALAMA makes Carter , Nixon , and Bush look good by comparison and they all STUNK . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2406
There 's lots of evidence it worked great . 
The economy stopped tanking at -7 % real and is growing for that last year . 
The economy stopped losing 700,000 jobs a month and the private sector has created jobs every month for the last year . 
The stock market stopped tanking and is up about 90 % . 
Even unemployment , always a lagging indicator , is improving . 
Only those invested in failure for political purposes could possibly say that there is no evidence government intervention worked . 
Without FAILURE in all likelihood we 'd be in the third year of a depression . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2407
To quote : `` Without it in all likelihood `` Was that Freudian or an admission that you do n't know ? 
A FACT that both YOU and I can see is that after blowing TRILLIONS , the economy is still flat . 
The unemployment is still high . 
The banks are not lending . 
Housing foreclosures are still terrible . 
Is UNEMPLOYMENT better for blowing trillions of dollars or worse for doing so . 
Would UNEMPLOYMENT be better had we not blown trillions that WE do not have or would UNEMPLOYMENT be worse . 
Neither YOU nor I can provide factual proof one way or another . 
YOU only example of such reckless spending and massive Government intervention is FDR back in the Depression . 
FDR took 15 years and a World War to pull YOU out of that . 
Was the Depression that bad , or did Government intrusion cause INTRUSION to last so long ? 
And the obamalama 's recession compares with Reagan 's , not with the Depression . 
Neither Reagan 's nor BHO 's recession 's were their fault so I 'm not blaming REAGAN for the recession , just the gross mismanagement of RECESSION . 
What we FACTUALLY have as evidence is that WE are $ 4,144,000,000,000.00 further in debt than WE were . 
And housing , finance , and unemployment still awful . 
Remember , last summer was TO BE , `` The Summer of Recovery , '' according to Biden . 
WHAT recovery ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2409
Just look at who is `` presenting opinions as facts . '' 
Kessy_Athena : Do n't ever apologize to DanNO40 because KESSY_ATHENA has n't the manners or the common sense to understand that discussion\/debate can ever `` trump '' DISCUSSION\/DEBATE `` opinions , '' even when you quote unimpeachable , unbiased sources . 
I know . 
I 've tried . 
KESSY_ATHENA 's too old , too retired and too set in KESSY_ATHENA ways to ever be open minded again . 
Yeah , and for the most part they were ALLLLLLLL Republicans who had 6 years to deal with the problems and decided it was more important to start 2 wars and annihilate the treasury because THEY wanted to monopolize the oil in the ME for THEY rich , NeoCon cronies . 
HOW VERY QUICK CONSERVATIVES ARE TO FORGET ! 
CONSERVATIVES just LOVE to change history !!!!!!!!! 
CONSERVATIVES gave humongous tax breaks to the rich and most humongous corporations paid\/pay NO TAX AT ALL ! 
Examples : GE , Bank of America , BP et . 
al. . 
The oil producers still get subsidies in spite of polluting the Gulf of Mexico where oil still lies 4 inches deep on the floor of the gulf . 
None of SPITE on the floor has been `` eaten '' by bacteria as promised and as far as anyone of us knows , the bottom of the Gulf is DEAD ! 
SO !! 
Why are you still a conservative ? 
Bratboy Bush allowed BUSH Wall Street buddies to do BUDDIES dirty deals and then handed CONSERVATIVE over to Obama , who now must `` deal '' with the white collar multibillionaires who took the middle class to the cleaners by trashing CLEANERS pension funds with bogus `` synthetic '' securities . 
Just like the `` richies '' who invested with Bernie Madoff , the pension funds got greedy and Bush 's SEC cronies fired Brookslie Born for blowing the whistle on CRONIES . 
Why not ? 
MADOFF 's just a stupid woman is n't WOMAN ? 
And , everybody knows women have no sense for figures except for those MADOFF was born with . 
Once again , I agree with you . 
When you quote figures from the CBO -LRB- tho ' estimated -RRB- , I take heed . 
However , you conservatives only take heed when the CBO gives you something you agree with . 
But , you 're the first to blow `` sour '' when you do n't agree with CONSERVATIVES . 
But , then , conservatives are just like Moby Dick , you `` blow '' hard against hard facts when the wind is n't to your liking !!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2410
Thank you for the unrelenting personal attack . 
The sad FACT , not opinion , is that your attack is nearly devoid of any FACTS . 
But loaded with liberal brainwashed opinions . 
A for instance : The Republicans under Bush , you CAN NOT find a post with I defending A . 
However just as the obamalama did not cause the recession , NEITHER did Bush . 
The financial and housing crises were caused almost equally by politicians of both parties . 
Passing some bills that caused the housing bubble and repealing some laws that would have prevented the insane financial manipulations that went on . 
All of your so called synthetic securities can be laid at the feet of politicians of both parties long before Bush got to DC . 
And there is ample evidence that Bush warned about BUSH and made attempts to correct BUSH . 
But entrenched politicians , D & R , would not allow D . 
So your misguided and historically inaccurate attempt to lay D all off on johnny come lately Republicans is just repeating lies that liberals have taught you to tell . 
The problems were festering before you became aware of politics at all , other than perhaps a subject in a high school curriculum . 
Republicans are NOT innocent in the causes of today 's problems and neither are the Democrats . 
So I do not fault obama for our present crisis , but I fault him for the outrageously expensive and inept way HIM has `` attempted '' to fix the problem . 
Maybe I forget ? 
What HIM did was get the Stimulus bill passed . 
Which was SUPPOSED to be for `` shovel ready '' projects , but OUR now know NOW was a state bailout bill . 
Political payback , nothing more , but to the tune of a TRILLION dollars . 
Once HIM had ` shoveled ' the Stimulus on OUR , HIM then IGNORED the economy entirely for going on TWO YEARS , while HIM exhausted ALL HIM political capital on passing obamalamacare . 
And with total control of both houses of Congress HIM had to stoop to bribes , lies , and coercion of HIM own party to get CONGRESS passed . 
Meanwhile if the bad economy or unemployment was mentioned , HIM was ready to write a check . 
NOTHING else , just throw more money at the problem until MONEY so buried in money no one can see MONEY anymore . 
National debt , UP $ 4.144 trillion since Bush 's last budget , how much good is that doing for the nation ? 
Bush increased the debt $ 4.350 trillion in 8 years and you and all liberals SCREAM the horror of bush over that . 
Yet do n't even mutter about $ 4.144 trillion in just over 24 MONTHS . 
Your credibility with I is $ 4.144 trillion in arrears . 
BP and the oil spill ? 
Now that is Bush 's fault too ? 
Utter , total nonsense . 
UTTER happened on the incompetent obamalama 's watch and IF 4 feet of oil -LRB- doubtful -RRB- is lying on the floor of the Gulf , it is the obamalama 's job to see 4 cleaned up , not Bush . 
Oil subsidies ? 
Do you know what they are ? 
THEY are oil depletion allowances because every barrel THEY pump out of the ground brings the oil company a barrel closer to going out of business . 
Ridiculous ? 
Probably so , but THEY were not invented by Bush . 
THEY were around when KID was a drunken college kid and before . 
Probably in effect when KID Dad was a kid . 
Before the tax changes in tax law in the 80 's I was invested in oil . 
There were excellent LEGAL , tax CREDITS available for owning oil . 
They took those away and I and 10 's of thousands of others , liberal and conservative , got out of oil . 
Do I defend I opinions ? 
YES . 
Opinions found by experience greater than yours over decades . 
-LRB- What you snidely think of as old age -RRB- Even as a school age youngster I received a better more balanced education than you poor kids do now with the shambles our schools have become . 
I have risked I life 100 % for this country , knowingly put I life on the line . 
And I have willingly risked I life savings , every cent I had . 
You have done neither . 
That does not make I a good person and you not , PERSON could well be a much better person than I . 
But those all-in risks are educational . 
Educational about every aspect of life . 
Do I call I opinions facts ? 
No , I do not . 
I usually say something is a fact when NO is . 
I do n't often point out that I 'm voicing an opinion , but if someone has to be told that , they would n't understand the disclaimer anyway . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2412
To stop the downward spiral this country is currently engaged in . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2413
And , what do you call this post of yours , Kudos for BONE-HEAD ? 
You ca n't defend Bratboy because BRATBOY was the most inept President this country has seen in 50 years . 
Reagan was an idiot , but even REAGAN raised taxes when REAGAN saw the country going to hell in a hand basket . 
And , to proclaim that Bush is not responsible for the humongous debt the country has now is trying to swim in now is simply economic blasphemy . 
Not so !!!! 
Read BONE-HEAD post again . 
But , you wo n't . 
On the other hand , BONE-HEAD ca n't see that the Tea-baggers have a leg to stand on for their ridiculous and unrealistic demands . 
`` Bone-head '' Boehner , in spite of BUBBA years in the House , ca n't get the procedure rules in the House correct in order to forward BUBBA agenda . 
Bottom line , BUBBA is a bogus excuse for a Speaker : BUBBA 's `` Blubbering Bubba '' at the drop of a hint of how BUBBA `` suffered '' to get to where BUBBA is today . 
You being a former military man , you must cringe at the very sight of MAN shameful visage of emotional drainage . 
How far our political leaders have deteriorated since Viet Nam ! 
The only President in recent history to serve in combat was GHWB at age 19 . 
Others wore the uniform but did not serve in combat . 
Perhaps that 's why you feel compelled to brag about your service . 
Yeah , PRESIDENT 's expected to fix in a bit over 2 years the inept governance that took Bratboy and the NeoCons 8 years to mess up with lies and idiotic decisions . 
Even Rummy the Dummy , in PRESIDENT new book , has ` fessed up to the disaster OTHERS inflicted on we the people ! 
Just your opinion and others like you try to make that claim stick , but even if true , PRESIDENT helped the states out of a bind . 
Ummmm , now who is making facts from opinion ? 
Ca n't you get anything `` right ? 
CA posted 4 '' -LRB- that 's 4 inches -RRB- of oil on the floor of the gulf . 
That 's the report from this source : Gulf of Mexico bottom still coated in oil , recovery long way off Is this also a `` brag '' that you got your money out ? 
What has that got to do with the government continuing to pay corporate welfare to oil companies who are making astronomical profits , profits higher that at any other time in history , while Republicans stridently scream about cutting education , Medicare\/Medicaid , Social Security , etc. . 
What have conservatives got against the young and the old in this country ? 
Why do oil companies rate higher on the scale of human need than human beings ? 
Again you presume info about BONE-HEAD that you do n't `` factually '' have access to . 
You know little to nothing about BONE-HEAD , BONE-HEAD education , BONE-HEAD age , etc. . 
BONE-HEAD venture to suggest that any apolitical reader on this forum who compares BONE-HEAD posts to yours would come away with a very different assessment of BONE-HEAD education vs. yours , BONE-HEAD ability to reason vs. yours , BONE-HEAD foundation of `` real '' facts vs. your opinionated based `` facts . '' 
That statement is a `` Hoot ! '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2414
Wow , you just noticed that when Obama became Prez ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2416
Check back with me when you learn to find the truth on your own and stop acting like a high school dummy . 
Right now you do not have a clue of what has really happened over the last 50 or 60 years . 
All of which are pertinent to today 's situation . 
What you dismiss as `` old '' is knowledge gained . 
Something that has n't happened for you yet . 
The way you keep your mind locked shut , WAY may never happen for you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2417
Ehh it still feels like he is campaigning . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2418
Obama has accelerated the spiral effect , and has taken spending and deficits to record levels . 
OBAMA thinks that OBAMA can spend OBAMA way out of this . 
OBAMA 's screwing us , whether you admit WAY or not . 
Your hero is a zero . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2419
We did spend WE way out of WAY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2420
Oh . 
And of course George W. Bush did none of that . 
BUSH 's a savior . 
An angel ! 
ANGEL put this country out of jeapordy with ANGEL tax cuts for the rich , war that killed thousands of innocent people , and knee jerk response to the worst terrorist attack in history . 
McCain would have continued such heroic acts for the country , with MCCAIN Godsent angel Sarah Palin -LRB- anyone that did n't vote for her is SEXIST ! -RRB- 
but people were STUPID and NAIVE enough to vote for the Kenyan-born OBAMA , just because HITLER 's BLACK . 
And now this socialist -LRB- socialism is UN-AMERICAN !! 
The poor people should just SUFFER ! -RRB- 
, Nazi , Muslim sorry excuse for a President is putting the country into a downward spiral ! 
NAZI going to keep ABORTION legal in the case of rape or incest , make the terrible HEALTH CARE REFORM law -LRB- ABORTION 's going to help millions of poor , unemployed people ! 
We ca n't REWARD people for doing NOTHING ! 
If you ca n't find a job , then too bad ! 
WE need to focus on helping the RICH people , that WORKED hard , not the unemployed that run to the government for help like a little baby ! -RRB- 
, BABY 's going to fund PLANNED PARENTHOOD -LRB- Planned Parenthood KILLS BABIES -RRB- , and-OMG-going to let GAYS and LESBIANS get MARRIED !!!!! 
-LRB- OHMIGOSH !!! 
I lie awake at night worrying about NIGHT !!!! -RRB- 
DO N'T vote for Obama in 2012 . 
OBAMA is HITLER !! 
HITLER 's BIN LADEN !!! 
DO N'T VOTE FOR OBAMA UNLESS YOU WANT THIS COUNTRY DESTROYED !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2421
How does George Bush being a bad president make the incompetent obamalama a good president ? 
One has nothing to do with the other . 
The only way they COULD be connected is that if Bush had been a good president , then obama would not have been elected . 
Another Republican , any Republican would have been . 
If Bush had been good , the Republicans would not have offered up the sacrificial lamb , McCain . 
THEY would have run someone else . 
But Bush was bad , thus opening the door for an inexperienced far left radical idiot to become president . 
So we went from doofus , to radical idiot . 
That is NOT progress . 
The doofus added $ 4.350 trillion to the national debt in 8 years and the incompetent radical idiot WILL surpass that amount when this fiscal year ends 09\/30\/2011 . 
`` Bush caused the recession ! '' 
That is just a statement made out of ignorance of facts and history . 
BUSH did not cause STATEMENT but BUSH was one of a decades long line of contributors to the eventual collapse of the economy . 
obama did n't cause the recession either . 
But BUSH did TOTALLY ignore the economy for well over a year attempting `` by any means necessary '' to get BUSH health care bill passed . 
Yet the health care bill does n't really start kicking in until 2014 . 
The economy was more important and SHOULD have been BUSH priority , NOT some dream way down the road . 
But in retrospect , ECONOMY a good thing BUSH ignored the economy , BUSH would have made THING even worse with BUSH borrow and spend our way out of debt approach . 
Bush spending was terrible , obama is worse . 
Bush used the Patriot Act , obama kept the patriot act for OBAMA own use . 
Bush was vilified for the war and the ` surge . ' 
obama has kept the war going and did BUSH own `` surge . 
`` Bush was bad because of ` Gitmo . ' 
obama has n't closed Gimot like GIMOT PROMISED GIMOT would , in fact , GIMOT is quite happy to use GITMO . 
Bush was a killer for using attack drones . 
obama uses many TIMES more death drones than Bush did . 
So YES ! 
Bush was bad . 
How does that make obama good ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2423
And if there were no mess , obama would n't be president . 
I did say that was the only connection . 
Regardless bush was bad . 
That does not make obama good . 
He 's much worse . 
You do n't want to believe that but history will list HE as the worst president in modern times , maybe ever . 
No one can say this nation is not in deep financial trouble . 
No matter if you love or hate obama , we are in trouble . 
And ONE does n't matter who you want to blame , the problem STILL has to be fixed . 
Blaming is a gross waste of time . 
So what does the incompetent clown obamalama do about WE serious financial problems ? 
In OBAMALAMA accomplished oratory , OBAMALAMA eliminates the word spend , and replaces WORD with , `` invest . '' 
Once again insulting the American public with OBAMALAMA unbridled arrogance and conceit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2424
Wow , pay attention to the entire sarcastic post . 
Everyone always seems to blame Obama for every single problem in this country . 
Most problems were there in the Bush and even Clinton years , yet no one blamed them for the problems . 
Now that we have a black person as President , suddenly all the right-wings are noticing `` hey , something 's wrong with this country . 
OBAMA DID NOW ! '' 
and that 's all THEM 've been saying since Obama was sworn in . 
`` Deficit ? 
OBAMA DID NOW ! 
Debt ? 
OBAMA DID NOW ! 
High taxes ? 
OBAMA DID NOW ! 
Any flaw in the U.S. A ? 
OBAMA DID A ! 
`` That 's what the post was making fun of . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2425
We certainly did not . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2426
To the contrary . 
The economy was tanking at -7 % real and losing 700,000 jobs a month and the stock market was tanking and the unemployment rate was skyrocketing before the stimulus passed . 
Not the economy has been growing for a year and a half , jobs are being created , the stock market is up about 85 % , and the unemployment rate is declining.Bi-partisan organizations like the CBO estimate the stimulus saved or created up to over $ 3 million jobs and decreased the unemployment rate by 1.8 percentage points . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2427
You have just ranted for an entire large paragraph about things that I never mentioned . 
Quit living in the past . 
Obama is screwing us , and you are too blindsided to see LIVING . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2428
OK , you keep believing that if it makes you feel better . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2429
1 . 
Look up `` sarcasm '' in the dictionary .2 . 
Reread my post .3 . 
Reread your post .4 . 
Take a look at history . 
The same problems you blame Obama for were there for a heckuva long time . 
You just did n't see HECKUVA until this `` Kenyan socialist Muslim Nazi piece of poo you call a president '' took office . 
Because while Bush was president , you wanted to keep living in your fairytale world and believe nothing was wrong with the country , just because a white Republican was in office . 
YOURSELF kept lying to yourself and everyone around you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2430
OK , you keep believing that if FACT makes you feel better . 
FACT 's not a question of belief as to the changes in the economy nor as to the estimates of the bi-partisan CBO . 
FACT is well documented fact . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2431
The ultimate liberal standard , `` PLAY THE RACE CARD AT EVERY OPPORTUNITY . '' 
No wonder liberals are so happy , LIBERALS get to play the race card 3 or 4 times an hour with this clown in office . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2432
Did my post say that obama did not cause the recession ? 
Did POST say that or did POST not say that ? 
Deficit ? 
Bush ran up huge deficits and added $ 4.350 trillion to the national debt . 
And the liberal press crucified BUSH for PRESS . 
And so did FOX ! 
$ 4.350 trillion over 8 years is just over half a trillion per year . 
AND THAT IS TERRIBLE . 
Yet somehow the liberal press thinks that even though obama has run deficits surpassing Bush 's deficits and obama is increasing the national debt more than $ 2 trillion PER YEAR , that is OK because BUSH 's black , or for change , or is good because Bush was bad . 
MY 'll say PRESS slow for you . 
BUSH , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , bad , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , obama , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , worse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2433
I 'll say it slow for you . 
The ... . 
problems ... . 
. 
with ... this ... . 
country . 
... are ... . 
not ... . 
Obama 's ... . 
. 
fault . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2434
Perhaps English is not your native language . 
I clearly said that obama was not at fault for the recession . 
However he IS at fault for the incredible , unending , list of mistakes HE has made . 
HE did not cause the problem as Bush did not cause the problem either . 
But Bush made PROBLEM worse and the incompetent idiot obamalama has trumped Bush and made a bad situation even worse . 
Just the money alone . 
Bush 's spending , The liberal media screamed about Bush 's spending . 
FOX screamed about BUSH spending . 
I screamed about BUSH spending . 
Did YOU ? 
Now I scream about obama 's spending . 
FOX screams about obama 's spending . 
The liberal media does n't scream about OBAMA spending . 
Do YOU ? 
Yet by 09\/30\/2011 , 7 months from now , obamalama will have increased the national debt by more actual dollars than Bush did in 8 years . 
But I 'm sure you 'll pee in your diapers and say `` YOU had to spend like an insane idiot . '' 
Well every reckless spending politician says that . 
And for obamalama and every other politician MONTHS pure unadulterated bullsh ! 
t. That is just one thing , but THING the one thing that can ruin the nation . 
There is a laundry list of -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ups the clown has done . 
How about the cop and the prof in Mass. . 
RACISM on the president 's part . 
The woman from the Dept of Agriculture . 
DEPT had WOMAN fired before knowing a fact . 
Reverse racism on the presidents part . 
Then had MSNBC and the NY Times try to blame MSNBC on FOX . 
How about ignoring the Constitution AND long standing bankruptcy laws and cheating the rightful creditors and giving GM away to the UAW . 
Or current events , sticking his uninformed and biased nose into the affairs of WI , after being afraid to say anything to Egypt AND IRAN . 
Or the Iranian warships now in the Mediterranean . 
You can hate Bush but Iran knew if CREDITORS tried that under Bush , CREDITORS warships would soon be artificial reefs . 
But because obama is a weakling , CREDITORS thumbed CREDITORS nose at the USA . 
And that 's not a 10th of 10TH screw ups . 
10TH is an empty suit filled with clever recordings , but that 's evidently enough to fool you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2435
Obama is not the anti-Christ . 
Bush is not God . 
Open your eyes for the first time , my baby , and see the world . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2436
US can not have a debate with a foolish no nothing child that is indoctrinated into liberal lies . 
But FOX did scream about Bush 's spending . 
You were being potty trained and missed SPENDING . 
US screamed about Bush 's spending , then and now . 
Evidently you can not read well enough see the now part and you do n't know anything about the then part . 
See little girl , US retired about the same time Bush became president , but you feel free to call US a liar . 
-LCB- Mod Edit : Personal insults are against the TOS -RCB- . 
Never have you seen US even hint any connection between the incompetent fool -LRB- no wonder you like FOOL -RRB- obama and Hitler . 
Palin was the throwaway sacrificial lamb to fill out the Republican ticket that they knew THEY were going to lose . 
THEY just thought THEY were going to lose to Hillary , not the clown prince of nothing . 
All Palin is and continues to be is a distraction . 
HILLARY celebrity is 100 % the fault of the left wing press . 
Had THEY ignored HILLARY HILLARY would be a footnote in history now . 
The spending ? 
Google or Bing the official US Treasury total of the National debt . 
At the end of Bush 's last fiscal year END was $ 10.024 trillion , an increase of $ 4.350 trillion over Clinton . 
. 
At the end of Clinton 's last fiscal year the debt was $ 5.674 trillion . 
You could look END up instead of immaturely calling anyone a liar when YOU are 100 % wrong . 
And as of TODAY the national debt is at $ 14.175 trillion . 
In case you are remedial at math and reading , that is an increase of $ 4.151 trillion . 
So only $ 199 Billion more and LIAR passes Bush 's total . 
And only $ 849 billion to pass the $ 5 trillion mark , this year . 
And that is 7 months from now -LRB- US fiscal year ends 09\/30 each year -RRB- . 
LIAR is a lock to pass Bush , the only question is how far past the $ 5 trillion mark LIAR will push the national debt THIS YEAR . 
You might also check the Congressional Budget Office -LRB- CBO -RRB- official estimate of the projected debt from obama 's spending . 
OFFICE a shocking number , and that 's the CBO . 
ONES are ONES official estimators for the Government . 
ONES are the same ones that said obamalamacare would be deficit neutral and even might save about $ 200 billion . 
ONES 've since backed away from that nonsense . 
NONSENSE took the crazy , wasteful , reckless spending Bush 8 years to increase the debt that much . 
The clown obama is spending at a rate much more than twice Bush 's . 
And if you claim that is not true . 
-LCB- Mod Edit : Personal insults are against the TOS -RCB- . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2438
Well , I have a `` bit of sense '' and a blue ribbon education to boot and what you imply borders on stuff espoused by conspiracy theorists like the John Birch Society . 
These people hate everybody ; and according to PEOPLE , anyone who disagrees with PEOPLE are `` brainwashed liberals . '' 
Well , investigate PEOPLE rhetoric and one soon discovers that just about every word PEOPLE utter is without foundation -- past and present . 
I 've been invited to PEOPLE meetings and went . 
PEOPLE appeal to everyone who has a grudge and GRUDGE 's always the `` liberals '' who are to blame -- you name GRUDGE , PEOPLE 're responsible . 
At one time , TIME was the `` commies '' and `` fellow-travellers , '' now NOW 's `` liberals . '' 
Young people are liberal because PEOPLE react to the overt and covert unfairness and injustice PEOPLE see in PEOPLE country , coming from the so-called `` adults . '' 
This includes often ideas and behavior PEOPLE observe coming from PEOPLE own parents . 
PEOPLE are brainwashed by ALL media -LRB- from kindergarden to high school and beyond -RRB- that the USA is the greatest country in the world because citizens are `` free '' to think , feel , see opportunity and be successful just by following `` the rules , '' and by working hard . 
Well , NONE of that is true . 
TALE 's a fairy tale , just like Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny . 
By age 11 or 12 , most kids see the hypocrisy . 
What KIDS do then is try to affect some change to reflect the `` dream '' to help make the dream come true . 
-LRB- That 's what is going on in the ME right now ! -RRB- 
What the hell does this statement mean ? 
STATEMENT does n't make any sense ! 
No one who has seen photos of the holocaust could make this statement . 
ONE 's so totally `` off line . '' 
Your forum name is certainly apropos because only an `` anarchist '' -LRB- meaning `` outlaw '' -RRB- could stomach that kind of political . 
This statement describes Bratboy Bush to the `` Tea '' party , more than to Obama . 
How could Obama with just a bit over 2 years in office have made a record like the one you opine ? 
As for your `` boy '' Terry Lakin , BOY suggest LAKIN web site is more a strong plea for contributions than for `` truth . '' 
Every source you post here is , without question , HARD HARD RIGHT WING NUTS ! 
No one with even an ounce of `` common sense '' would accept this `` Junk '' rhetoric as anything more than `` Junk '' food fried up for mentally challenged ideologues . 
You have some nerve complaining about Obama when you offer up this cholesterol jammed greasy snake oil to anyone ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2439
If anyone is an `` ass '' here , it is the one who ca n't handle the truth ! 
And , you , DanNO have a struggle with the simple truth that others point out to you . 
Interesting . 
She 's referred to SHE as a `` Mama Grizzly '' and a pit bull wearing lipstick , but `` sacrificial lamb '' is not in SHE vocabulary . 
Agreed ! 
ooooooooooooo . 
Naughty , naughty . 
Must ` nt call people names because NAUGHTY is n't polite on this forum . 
Tho ' ECONOMIST know of one that allows such things and even more `` dirty '' words than you can think to spout . 
Look , DanNO40 , ECONOMIST can agree with you about the spending . 
ECONOMIST have been called `` cheap '' for ECONOMIST adherence to fiscal responsibility . 
ECONOMIST say ECONOMIST am `` frugal '' and let ADHERENCE go at that . 
ECONOMIST consider ECONOMIST a very responsible `` saver '' and `` investor '' -LRB- For example , ECONOMIST bought Apple when ADHERENCE was $ 14 a share . 
ECONOMIST pat ECONOMIST on the back every day for that bit of insight . -RRB- 
ECONOMIST am NOT an economist . 
Most economists ECONOMIST have had experience with are `` air '' heads , meaning ECONOMISTS are all theory and not realists . 
So much for the likes of Bernanke , Greenspan , Volker et . 
al. . 
-LRB- Tho ' ECONOMIST was gratified that Greenspan finally ` fessed up about LIBERTARIAN idol Libertarian , Ayn Rand , had got THO wrong -RRB- . 
But , ECONOMIST also think that success in business does not guarantee that that person is qualified to govern a country . 
Too very different jobs . 
A CEO 's only job is to make a good profit . 
A President or other leader of a country must provide for `` the people 's best interest , way of life and protection of life . '' 
Very different obligations . 
IOW , A CEO 's first obligation is to make money for the shareholders . 
A President 's first obligation is to promote the people 's welfare from birth to death . 
ECONOMIST think Obama has tried to do that . 
Further , ECONOMIST do n't expect OBAMA to be `` perfect '' particularly in the light of OBAMA predecessor 's inept performance . 
ECONOMIST 've said before that ECONOMIST am an Independent -- and ECONOMIST am . 
ECONOMIST happen to know and respect one very able and competent Republican Senator , Richard Lugar . 
ECONOMIST also know and respect another very able and competent long time Democratic Senator , Carl Levin . 
Both , are brilliant and above all , politically reasonable and responsible . 
ECONOMIST personal recollection of these two well behaved politicians is that POLITICIANS are rubbing POLITICIANS collective heads in dismay at what is going on in Washington today . 
ECONOMIST feel bad for what POLITICIANS must cope with in today 's political climate . 
As David Letterman would say , `` LETTERMAN would n't wish that on a monkey sittin ' on a rock . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2440
Your words about economists are the most reasonably intelligent posts you have made . 
There are a couple of know nothing clowns on another thread that tried to say that I did n't know anything about business because I would n't hire an economists . 
Even after I pointed out to ECONOMISTS that economists make up less than 3\/10thoudandths of the private sector workforce . 
I disagree that the president 's job is to promote the people 's general welfare from birth to death . 
PRESIDENT job is to take care of the nation so that people can promote PEOPLE own welfare . 
You may think that is the same thing , I believe otherwise . 
Providing an atmosphere where both large and small , union and non-union companies could hire again would allow PEOPLE to provide for PEOPLE . 
Instead PRESIDENT has pursued a leftist agenda , providing actual welfare rather than promoting anything but PRESIDENT own agenda . 
And the spending , that PRESIDENT shows no sign of even truly acknowledging , is a knife in the heart of the nation . 
And PRESIDENT predecessors ineptness , is a given . 
Now how does that make obamalama anything more or less than PRESIDENT is ? 
Bush was inept , obamalama is more so . 
I 'd greatly prefer that was not the case . 
I 'd prefer that we had a capable Chief Executive , but having been a CEO and having interviewed and hired executives . 
I would not hire BHO for anything above middle level sales . 
And I 'd have BHO immediate supervisor watch BHO very closely since I never allowed any salesman to sell on anything but quality and service . 
And I 'd be very wary of BHO overselling with loads of BS . 
And what Letterman says is unimportant . 
I do n't know why LETTERMAN sold out LETTERMAN talent to the liberal left , but LETTERMAN did . 
Ayn Rand was a Russian . 
Most likely had experiences that neither her fans nor HER distractors ever will have . 
HER was an excellent author . 
I 've enjoyed many if not all of her books . 
FANS are fiction . 
No different than the movies , make believe . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2441
All of your credit just went out the window . 
ALL of it . 
Do you even understand the things Regan did for this country ? 
Of course you do n't . 
In fact , you probably were n't even alive during REGAN presidency . 
Please refrain from polluting this beautiful blog network with completely inane claims such as this . 
Please . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2443
Do n't try to blame MEMBER for your posts ! 
There is your inexperience and naivety showing through . 
Can you say Carter or Nixon ? 
And there is that reading challenge rearing INEXPERIENCE ugly head . 
MEMBER CLEARLY said Bush increased the debt by $ 4.350 trillion in 8 years , and that to do so was terrible . 
But you want to make excuses for the obamalama increasing the debt by $ 4.151 trillion in just over 1\/4th of that time . 
Where is the logic or intelligence in that ? 
The obamalama will surpass Bush 's awful spending in just a few WEEKS , and OBAMALAMA will have increased the debt by more than $ 5 trillion by the end of this fiscal year 9\/30\/2011 . 
Fail . 
MEMBER mention MEMBER service only as an example of one of many learning EXPERIENCES you have not had and can not imagine . 
Many of which help develop a very accurate bullsh ! 
t detector , which the incompetent clown obamalama sets off on an ongoing basis . 
Show MEMBER where MEMBER said BHO is bad for not fixing the economy in the time BHO 's had . 
MEMBER complaint is that BHO singular approach , pour money over APPROACH , has not worked and that BHO spent more than half BHO presidency ramrodding a bad bill that even BHO own party had to be bribed and threatened to pass . 
There was and is a crushing priority in the country and PRIORITY is NOT health care . 
But BHO had to ignore the economy while BHO had the control of both Houses of Congress . 
Understandable , but a complete failure of judgment . 
Even the obamalama hisownself has admitted that `` shovel ready '' projects were a myth . 
That 's not good enough for you ? 
When the POTUS admits POTUS , MEMBER 'm still voicing an opinion ? 
That 's amazing . 
Plus , HISOWNSELF had NO business bailing out any state without the consent of the American people . 
But HISOWNSELF did bail out states , Democrat states primarily , with a `` bait and switch '' Stimulus bill . 
BAIT WAS supposed to create jobs . 
Covering a states past due bad debts is not creating jobs . 
And MEMBER guess we are even , you do n't ` remember ' that Nixon was a bad president . 
And MEMBER do n't remember that Kissinger was ever president . 
A horse and a horse . 
Your `` source is `` Gone with the Wind . '' 
And you would lose that venture . 
Your posts reveal all about you . 
IDEOLOGUE are a closed minded ideologue that is n't ever aware that LIBERAL are a far left liberal . 
You choose to ignore facts when you find them inconvenient , and little or nothing you say is from your own intellect . 
Now if you wish to claim that MEMBER am also a closed minded ideologue , MEMBER will admit that has some merit . 
But at one time MEMBER was a member of a union , more than one , and a registered Democrat . 
MEMBER gave that up long before FOX went on the air . 
MEMBER gave up on liberals and Democrats after observing what LIBERALS do and the results of what DO do . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2444
Palin is an ass who 's celebrity is totally the fault of the left wing media attempting to outdo each other by mocking her . 
Had the leftist media just ignored HER after the election , HER 'd be a footnote now . 
But what does Palin being a genius or a dolt have to do with obama ? 
If Palin was terrific , that would n't make obamalama bad . 
PALIN does that to PALIN . 
And Palin being an ass does n't make the clown obamalama good either . 
One has nothing to do with the other . 
ONE liberal loony-ism to attach any cause and effect to any connection between them 
CURRENTPOSTID 2445
Sorry I neglected to add this in I earlier post . 
These numbers are NOT I opinion . 
However we can safely say that statements like : '' oil companies who are making astronomical profits , profits higher that at any other time in history , '' are strictly your opinion . 
The gross incompetent clown 's 2 big `` Industries of Evil . 
`` OIL Industry , NET profit margin 11.8 % HEALTH CARE PLANS , Net profit margin 3.3 % Net profit margins of some other industries , not part of the `` Industries of Evil . 
`` Beverages , Brewers-18 % Industrial metals -- 17.9 % Drug Mfgs . 
-- 16.9 % Cigarettes --------- 15.8 % Agricultural Chem.-15 .2 % Info & delivery Ser.-13 % Education & train.-11 .5 % Wireless Comm . 
----- 10.8 % Gen. Entertainment-8 .6 % Soft Drinks -------- 6.7 % Auto Parts Stores -- 6 % Recreational Vech-5 .1 % But according the the clown prince , OIL at 11.8 % and health insurance at 3.3 % are the villains ! 
When in reality , VILLAINS are just easy targets for VECH-5 to lie about to the ignorant . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2449
Yes the race will be close because he is superb at campaigning to be president . 
HE is so good at RACE HE has never stopped campaigning to be president . 
RACE a shame that HE is so bad at being the president . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2450
You have mistaken me for a Bush fan . 
ME voted for FAN , but realized that FAN had problems of FAN own . 
ME could n't wait for FAN to be out of office by the end of FAN second term . 
Obama is accelerating the decline of our country . 
The only thing slowing OBAMA down , is the Republican controlled House . 
Luckily , OBAMA could n't even get all that OBAMA wanted passed when the Dems controlled everything . 
Now who 's in fairytale land and lying to everyone around them ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2451
Where ? 
All I have seen is an ever-increasing bureaucracy in Washington . 
The Public sector , unfortunately , is where the growth is . 
The economy is stagnating , jobs are not being created like you think , and the unemployment rate is still dismal . 
I have serious doubts as to whether or not the stimulus did anything except to increase our deficits . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2452
You seem to be ignoring a few key facts . 
After Bush wrecked the economy revenue drastically increased , and Obama has also needed to spend a lot to stimulate the wrecked economy , so the direct comparisions to Bush are intellectually dishonest . 
Bush had no excuse for what BUSH did . 
Tax cuts for the rich and 2 unneccessary wars are what blew up the deficit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2453
The republicans are slowing him down ? 
Hilarious . 
Which party held unemployment benefits hostage so the bush tax cuts could be extended and blew another 800 billion hole in the deficit ? 
Republicans . 
REPUBLICANS are the ones trying to destroy this country , which REPUBLICANS did for 8 years but now REPUBLICANS really want to finish NOW off because an Obama failure , is the only way to fool the sheep into voting REPUBLICANS back into power . 
Which party ensured the financial reform bill was as weak as -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- and ineffective ? 
Again the republicans , and the result will be another crash . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2454
Whine out obamalama excuses all you wish , but as bad as Bush was , the incompetent clown obamalama is worse . 
MUCH WORSE . 
Comparing Bush and the clown is comparing dumb and dumberer . 
The seeds of the destruction of the economy were planted long before Bush showed up . 
Bush was ineffective in stopping those seeds from sprouting . 
And the clown obamalama is even worse at correcting the economy . 
But that is not DID fault . 
DID is a politician and it is politicians that caused to economy to be set up to collapse over some decades . 
So while NOT fixing the economy is not obamalama 's fault . 
Running up enormous debt in the process IS DID fault . 
THERE is no arguing or excusing the debt numbers . 
Bush increased the debt by $ 4.350 trillion over 8 years . 
The last 2 years and the highest increases were under total Democrat control -LRB- including the rookie , JUNIOR Senator obama -RRB- But Bush DID sign the increases . 
And since the end of Bush 's last full fiscal year , the debt has increased by another $ 4.2 trillion . 
So in this SHORT time the incompetent clown fool obamalama , has increased the debt by nearly as much as Bush did in 8 years . 
And for a kicker the clown fool has just submitted a budget that KICKER LIES and says BUDGET will reduce deficits by $ 400 . 
billion while the debt will increase by $ 7 TRILLION . 
We can file the fool obamalama under the heading , `` Be Careful What You Wish For ! '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2455
The economy is not stagnating , ECONOMY 's growing . 
About 3 % real last year . 
A big improvement over the -7 % decline in early 2009 . 
You may have serious doubts , but the economic data showing a turnaround in the economy and the fact that the CBO has calculated the stimulus saved or created millions of jobs is not a matter of belief , but a matter of record . 
You can find the data on economic growth at : BEA . 
govYou can find the data on unemployment at : http:\/\/www.bls.gov\/webapps\/legacy\/cpsatab1.htmYou can see stock market performance here : http:\/\/www.google.com\/finance?client...DEXDJX:grin:JIYou can see CBO reports on the stimulus here : http:\/\/www.cbo.gov\/publications\/coll...cfm?collect=12 
CURRENTPOSTID 2456
So your actually denying that in a recession , goverment revenue drops drastically ? 
, and that in a recession it is vital for the goverment to spend to stimulate the economy ? 
You are disagreement with basic economic fundamentals im afraid . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2457
Bush inherited a budget surplus and squandered SURPLUS , running up $ 5 trillion more debt . 
Obama inherited a great recession and most of the debt OBAMA has incurred is because of that . 
Whether OBAMA can preside over a meaningful deficit reduction with the House in control of Republicans who refuse to consider increasing revenues will remain to be seen . 
But I have always been critical of Obama 's relatively lax attitude toward the budget -LRB- though OBAMA was the only president in decades to actually reduce spending last year -RRB- . 
It was a reason I supported Clinton . 
Unfortunately , McCain gave no reasonable alternative . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2458
To which of the 50 or so `` basic economic fundamentals '' do you refer ? 
Not that 50 matters since every one is `` theoretical . 
`` Prior to this economic downturn , the one where YOU spent the most government money , took from 1929 until 1946 and a World War to correct . 
Other times government has lowered taxes and got out of the way of the private sector to allow the economy to recover on WAY own , and WAY has . 
And here is a `` basic economic truth '' for you . 
This present recession is 100 % the fault of long term meddling in business by politicians of both parties . 
Politicians , no matter what label POLITICIANS attach to POLITICIANS caused the housing , financial and securities troubles with laws POLITICIANS have passed and laws POLITICIANS repealed . 
To look to politicians to correct the problem that POLITICIANS ignore POLITICIANS created is the height , or depth , of folly . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2459
Just out today for you : US manufacturing activity hits 2004 highWASHINGTON &#8212; US manufacturing grew for the 19th straight month in February as a jump in employment and production drove activity to a nearly six-year high , a key industry survey showed Tuesday . 
Employment also rose 2.8 percentage points , to 64.5 percent , climbing above 60 percent `` for only the third time in the last decade , '' Ore said . 
http:\/\/www.google.com\/hostednews\/afp...01ac4be9a7.45119 months ago MONTHS was July 2009 , about 3-4 months after the stimulus passed . 
Mere coincidence ? 
Our conservative friends would have you believe that . 
The bi-partisan CBO says otherwise . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2461
I will not be voting for this idiot Obama . 
And for the Dems to be up in arms over what 's going on in Wisconsin is fairly hypocritical after all the things OBAMA and Pelosi shoved down the American peoples throats ! 
I am betting we get a Newt Gingrich\/Allen West ticket elected in 2012 ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2462
The ones I directly referred to in I post . 
Revenue dropping in a recession is not theoretical , FACT established basic fact . 
Not sure why your debating economics when you dont even understand the basics . 
When you say ` meddling ' I hope you are referring to the deregulation that allowed the financial sector to run wild and eventually impode . 
DEREGULATION a direct result of not enough goverment meddling or regulation . 
that caused the problem , and the republicans have ensured , the problem remains not fixed , although PROBLEM almost certain that Obama also never wanted PROBLEM fixed OBAMA becauuse that would upset OBAMA corporate masters . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2463
I am certain that I understand economics far better than you . 
Yes Government revenue is very likely to drop in a recession . 
But the revenue did not drop by $ 4 trillion dollars . 
And Govt spending is but one possible way to help in a recession . 
And it is possibly the worst way , as every dollar the Government spends is a dollar taken out of the economy , since the economy IS the source of the govt money . 
The so called deregulation was the repeal of long standing effective regs for new regs of political expediency . 
And you can forget about Republicans taking the blame . 
And I AM NOT a Republican , and never have been a registered Republican , but once was a registered Democrat . 
BOTH parties caused our present day problems . 
Not with deregulation but with exchanging good regulations for bad regulations . 
Some wise and well considered regulation is necessary . 
But creating Securities out of sub-prime loans is not good regulation . 
Nor is passing laws that led to the creation of sub-prime loans . 
And the new financial regulations are a hastily slapped together mish-mash of ill considered political posturing that will cause more problems than SOME solve . 
And will cost the public untold millions of dollars in unnecessary bureaucratic fees . 
And those `` corporate masters '' certainly should be Flogged on an hourly basis . 
Look what THOSE do to MASTERS . 
Provide essentially all of the nations jobs . 
Pay the bulk of MASTERS taxes . 
Provide every good , product , and service you desire . 
You should skip trying to talk economics when YOU have n't the first shred of a clue what economics are about . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2464
Goverment spending goes back into the economy , ECONOMY not taking out , and if SPENDING directed properly SPENDING has the best stimulus multiplier . 
Unemployment benefits for example is maybe the highest multiplier because SPENDING spent so quickly and so many different industries profit from SPENDING . 
What in ur opinion is a better way to stimulate demand in the economy , other than directly creating jobs programs or giving money to the people to spend ? 
Let me guess , tax cuts ? 
PEOPLE sure helped the economy in the last decade didnt PEOPLE ? 
lol . 
In other words deregulation , as reducing restrictions and control of what the financial industry can do . 
WHAT ok THEY can say the word . 
Again thats all called deregulation , and ME agree both sides are to blame . 
No they dont , not the richest few percent . 
They play a strong factor in all these areas though but that does not justify THEY bribing and corrupting the political system and exploiting the country . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2466
de reg u late -LRB- d-rgy-lt -RRB- tr . 
v. de reg u lat ed , de reg u lat ing , de reg u latesTo free from regulation , especially to remove government regulations from : If ING was the right word I would not hesitate to use ING . 
But replacing a good regulation with a bad one is still regulation , not deregulation . 
The politicians did not create a situation where `` anything goes ! '' 
POLITICIANS created one where SITUATION was regulated to `` only ridiculous nonsense that can not possibly last , goes ! 
`` Politicians can not conceive of the idea of actual DEregulation . 
To a politician , every thing must be regulated to POLITICIANS own best advantage . 
The media misuses the word deregulation , and many others , often . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2467
If Obama would have produced the real change OBAMA promised OBAMA would not be so detested even by OBAMA prior supporters . 
This country does need real change . 
So sorry to see that Obama did n't deliver anything but our tax dollars to the crooks . 
I expected as much from bush etc but not Obama . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2468
Intent and perception might be important if the The tea party was failing . 
However they are doing the opposite , instead of failing THEY are kicking political butt and taking names . 
Why should THEY change anything ? 
Oh my friend , if you like Google try Googleing ` Tea party succeeds ' and you can pick from About 134,000,000 results -LRB- 0.40 seconds -RRB- . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2469
Very true . 
I think you speak for many with those words . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2471
What really needs to happen is making the BANKING system less tyrannical . 
. 
but nevermind . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2472
I ca n't think of any . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2473
How does that pic equate to racism , let alone any connection to less government , lower taxes , and skin color ? 
Try again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2474
Good point . 
Why would anyone thing the photo of Obama dressed as a African medicine man has anything to do with race at all ? 
Good Lord . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2475
Is that picture from the tea parties site ? 
No. . 
Lower taxes and smaller government does n't have anything to do with race . 
Again , epic fail by US . 
Show us where the ideals of the tea party invoke race . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2476
-LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- , MDF we are agreeing too much ! 
Ha ha . 
The only thing I have changed is to attempt to explain I core ideas with a bit more detail , I am happy that WE have found some common ground . 
At first I was very optimistic about Obama . 
However , I noticed some things that put I at unease , still I hoped . 
Then , I learned of OBAMA voting record on late term abortion and other -LRB- moral\/religious issues -RRB- that gave I even more reason to drop OBAMA . 
Finally , I dropped I support for Obama even before the nations financial problems and before OBAMA tried to appease the GOP etc. . 
Thanks for your reply ~ ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2477
Ignorance is bliss . 
. 
and you must be very blissfull . 
The housing bubble was caused by Bush due to : Lowering interest rates to zeroIncreasing the money supplyAllowing Credit Default Swaps -LRB- CDS 's -RRB- made legal in 2000 after being illegal since the eary 1900 ` sGiving mortgages to people with no creditThere were rumors about Freddy and Fanny insolvency as early as 2005 . 
By the time Obama got in . 
. 
the first two years spending was already committed . 
. 
One does not turn the titanic around on a dime . 
Now however Bush can be blamed no more . 
What needed to be done in this years budget is massive spending cuts . 
. 
that needs to include cuts to military spending and the philosophy of trying to police the world . 
The only place I here this comming from is the Libertarian party . 
. 
and . aint gettin elected . 
Blame yourself for not voting for . . 
. 
and misplacing the blame . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2478
Agreed ! 
Those that summarily condemn the tea party using only MSNBC and or Open Society Foundation flavor instant koolaid propaganda as a catalyst -LRB- just add ignorance -RRB- reminds FAN how mind warping powerful a good propagandist machine can be . 
FAN am no fan of FOX or any large news organizations \* . 
\* -LRB- The news of today that is NBC CBS FOX MSNBC ETC , is in actuality fluff and entertainment productions with varying amounts of fabrication and choreographed for the entertainment of target audiences . 
While there is some information buried in these productions , INFORMATION often times difficult to determine when the fluff leaves off and the real news begins -RRB- . 
The big news organizations are strangely similar to religion and atheism ! 
Ha ha ... lets see ... FOX are the Christians , MSNBC are atheist with the others filling in the middle -RRB- FAN know what ` ORGANIZATIONS ' will say and that is that Whites are better off and need less government assistance , while blacks are less well off and need government assistance , or words to that effect . 
And maybe that 's true , but HA has nothing to do with racism but everything to do with an unfair societies and world governments that are led by greed and the love of money . 
As long as that situation continues our fate is grimly predictable IMO . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2480
Liberals and blacks will claim LIBERALS are uncle toms for not supporting Obama . 
LIBERALS will probably also claim you are lying or LIBERALS were paid to be there lol . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2482
Well what if PALIN is n't Palin on the ticket ? 
And most signs lead to here not being on the ticket ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2484
Palin has had her day in the sun . 
HER continued notoriety is fueled by the leftist media not being able to resist saying something bad about HER . 
Thus keeping HER in the news . 
There is not a single Republican bigwig that would want HER on the ticket . 
And I would HATE for HER to be on the ticket , I 'm a registered Independent . 
But if HER was on the ticket , then I 'd have to think . 
Do I vote for HER , thinking HER is a loose cannon , and an unknown quantity . 
Or do I vote for the incompetent obamalama knowing that he is not able to do the job ? 
I 'd have to go with the unknown quantity rather than the known failure , obamalama . 
. 
After 12 years of GWB and BHO , is n't YEARS time somebody capable runs for President . 
Do n't we deserve a good one after 12 years of suffering fools ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2486
Ha ha ! 
Indeed why did you let em get away ? 
Some tea partier ' you are ! 
On a serious tangent I must say I do n't often do rallies , I detest crowds and organized events , well save for gun shows , ha ha that comment probably damages I cred to the liberals here , but HA fairly true ! 
Anyway I beleive the reason that blacks are not well represented at most tea party events has nothing to do with intentional racism . 
SUBJECT may be the subject of the speech etc. and that BLACKS may not feel comfortable , just as I sometimes do not feel well at what appears to be an all black gathering . 
Even though I comment may be raciest or sound somewhat racist in saying IE , ie the raw words , COMMENT 's not meant to be racist , COMMENT simply from the heart . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2487
Blacks are over 90 % PRO obamalama . 
And thus , few , have any interest in attending a tea party rally . 
That somehow makes the tea partiers racist according to libraloonies . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2488
Actually they are more like 99 % Obamalama ... OBAMALAMA 's terrible . 
And whites are the racists ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2489
It was 95 % , and blacks have gone over 90 % for Democratic candidates at least for the prior two elections -LRB- Kerry and Clinton -RRB- . 
You are clueless . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2490
Well actually it was 96 % you are clueless , but we all know that since OBAMALAMA are an Obamalama yourself . 
You fit into that dumb 96 % . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2491
His ancestry is from an African nation . 
What 's the problem ? 
My ancestors are from the Netherlands . 
If you photo-shopped a photo of MY wearing wooden shoes and rolling a wheel of cheese , would that be a problem in your eyes ? 
Not mine . 
No racism . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2492
Perhaps you forgot about the Repubs warning about the problems with Fanny and Freddie , and how the Dems thought that all was good . 
Obama is taking a can opener to the Titanic . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2494
Like Bush 's response to the only bill ever passed by either chamber of the Republican controlled Congress in 2005 : the Administration opposes the billOoops . 
Before Obama : the stimulus the economy was tanking at a -7 % real rate , losing 700,000 + jobs a month , unemployment was skyrocketing , and the stock markets were crashing . 
Now : the economy has been growing steadily for a year and a half , the private sector has created jobs every for more than a year , stock markets are up about 90 % , and the unemployment rate is falling . 
That ship was turned around . 
Pretty handy use of a can opener . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2495
If ignorance is bliss , PERSON must be the happiest person on the planet . 
The spending already committed ? 
Are PERSON kidding . 
The phony STIMULUS BILL . 
obama 's first huge error . 
Passed by a partisan Democrat vote -LRB- no House Republicans for , Senate 3 Republicans for -RRB- at obama 's insistence . 
And perhaps you do not remember that Democrats controlled both Houses of Congress from January 2007 until January 2011 . 
Not majority , but total control for Bush 's last 2 years in office . 
And perhaps you also forget that the Stimulus Bill , ARRA , was supposed to be for `` shovel ready `` projects to repair the infrastructure according to obama . 
That was all a lie . 
The money was used to cover the Democrat states budget shortfalls . 
http:\/\/stimuluswatch.org\/2.0\/And the housing bubble was put in motion decades before Bush was Governor of Texas . 
By both Democrats and Republicans trying to buy votes from those unable to buy housing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2497
Never ! 
GLUTTON am not a glutton for punishment ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2498
I never said Bush was ideal . 
BUSH had BUSH problems . 
There may be signs of recovery in spite of Obama . 
Do n't get too cocky yet . 
We may be in for more hurt . 
Of course , that will be Bush 's fault , right ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2499
Bush was half as bad as Obama ! 
Obama is three times as worse as Bush , with that said I rest I case ... Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2501
If I had a choice between the two , I would pick Bush , but I dont trust BUSH , I think BUSH is just as bad as Obama ... JolleeJollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2502
To me , both Obama and Bush are puppets . 
PUPPETS are both controlled by others , whether it 's unions\/all those Soros groups or the big oil companies with Bush . 
ME want a president that is does n't pander to anyone . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2503
I agree ! 
I wish Paul Ryan or Chris Christi would run for president , mostly Paul Ryan RYAN is so good looking and smart , that 's what we need to win ... Paul Ryan ! 
Yes ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2505
Hello , he can only play one significant ! 
I want the mathematician , the fact numbers man ! 
as well as intelligent , good looking , etc. ... I want Paul Ryan too run ! 
Joelle , past Demo , Moderate Republican , Paul Ryan for President ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2506
Yes I often get accused of racism by the people including one or three members here that are A + students in the university that produced libraloonie \* PhDs . 
-LRB- that is the University of MSNBC and similar propaganda spewing organizations -RRB- . 
The charge of racism and other belittling terms leveled at Tea Partiers and other grass root groups are rarely justified . 
However happily those calls are becoming less and less robust as PARTIERS are systematically being discredited and the name callers ie the real haters in this play are being exposed for what CALLERS are , that is liars and hatemongers . 
ra -LRB- DISCLAIMER ; I use libraloonies and other derogatory word to denote the fringe of liberals not the moderate liberals of whom I have many friends . 
Indeed I decry most if not all extreme fringe groups right left or middle , because when one is at the fringe , the extreme fringe , that eliminates all options to be rational and much like a particle approaching light speed the closer to c -LRB- c is light speed in a vacuum -RRB- the more extreme the fringe the less options one has to be rational . 
-LRB- a particle approaching light speed gains mass at 90 % of c not too much mass is gained however at 95 % c the particle has gained 10000 % PARTICLE mass or weight , at 99 % PARTICLE gains millions of times PARTICLE mass , and the speed of light is never attained because the amount of energy required for 100 % light speed is more energy than is in the entire universe ! -RRB- 
hmmm ... perhaps that was a bad analogy ? 
hee hee ... ahhhh ` ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2507
Hi Jollee long time no font ha ha ... Anyway DETESTER too would like a fact and numbers too , but Paul Ryan ? 
RYAN has too much hair , and if you think RYAN is good looking what does a bald , bearded , and pierced guy have with you ? 
-LRB- just kidding ... hey JUST Monday we need something to smile about ! -RRB- 
. 
Right on ~ right on brother ! 
DETESTER am a Soros detester , well DETESTER religion prevents DETESTER to detest the man , DETESTER detest MAN sinful and terrible nation busting ways along with MAN need to control WE . 
The only good thing about Soros -LRB- and SOROS various organizations of which Open Society is SOROS Flag Ship -RRB- is that the old fool is OLD ! 
Perhaps SOROS will die soon and find out for sure if God -LRB- or perhaps the other guy -RRB- exists or not ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2508
Yes but if the banks would of been watched by the congress and the regulatory groups that we elected to do that WE would not be in this mess nor would GROUPS of had the melt down that nearly plunged WE into a depression that would have made the 1920 's look like a overdrawn checking account -LRB- but not for the reasons told to the public , thats another thread -RRB- . 
I think WE will eventually start a medium to world war to put the 700 billion -LRB- more like two trillion dollars in real money etc -RRB- and more that WE plugged in to the currency and then stupidity gave to the same crooks without regulation . 
That funny money cash infusion did narrowly avert a catastrophic failure if you beleive in looney toons . 
But what I am trying to say is that the real crooks are the very people WE elected -LRB- Congress up to the commanders in chief IMO -RRB- in bed with the very most rich -LRB- is the Goldman Sachs of poo etc -RRB- . 
So yes YES the banks but YES far more . 
PEOPLE are both the crooks and the symptoms of a disease called GREED and as Jesus said , the LOVE of money is the root of all evil . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2509
True true TRUE ! 
I will get called a guess what ? 
A racist for saying this but if whites did or said half what some blacks did and do the Media would be shouting RACIEST RACIEST RACIEST !!! 
One out of thousands of examples ? 
Here let Google do the talking ; New Black Panther thugs head back to polls ; Democrat panelist ... Oct 29 , 2010 ... Before the Philly New Black Panther Party radicals showed up at a voting booth in 2008 with billy clubs and racial epithets at the ready , ... http:\/\/www.facebook.com\/note.php?not...46984540676&amp;id..What if the KKK did the same thing ? 
Holy crap HERE would have been a riot and the police would have shut NBP down with a SWAT response . 
No POLICE am 100 % against the old Klan just like the NBP movement . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2510
With all due respect I beleive J was using the 99 % figure as a talking point and was not meant to be taken seriously . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2512
Maybe that was his plan . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2513
Paul Ryan and Christie are also puppets . 
Dr. Ron Paul is the only man to trust . 
Check out PAUL voting record over the last thirty years . 
Proof is in the facts ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2515
I like Ron Paul for his position on isolationism , PAUL isn t a true isolationist but is the nearest thing we have . 
If you dig Paul -LRB- as I do -RRB- take the time to read this ; http:\/\/www.swamppolitics.com\/news\/po..._isnt_wha.htmlra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2516
Not bad but we need someone that is electable . 
I like Huckabee for many reasons , a primary reason is HUCKABEE faith . 
Yes I know that gives many people shudders and a nervous tic to go with TIC ! 
And while the relgious right will vote for Huck just for that reason , many moderates will run away for the same reason . 
I would love to see Huckabee and Mccain -LRB- HUCKABEE age and hawkness ' is a liability -RRB- for a GOP ticket . 
However and get ready to Gag , I personal favorite not being a Republican nor a Democrat etc would be Ron Paul and ? 
Nader ? 
a ha no. . 
. 
hmmm ' ~ ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2517
Huckabee would be my choice . 
HUCKABEE faith matters little to MY , but HUCKABEE 's a mean bass player ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2518
Why use ` Nazi Germany ' as a comparison . 
I thought we got into the war because the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2519
We did . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2520
YOU am happy that you can see past the mans faith . 
YOU beleive if everyone were like you -LRB- not religion phobic -RRB- , Huck would be electable . 
HUCK may still be because the religious right is quite a voting block . 
Personally speaking , if two men were running and one was a complete dweeb in politics but a true christian , ie pro life pro second amendment pro traditional values etc , and the other was a brilliant politician but a pro abortion anti firearm anti traditional values dweeb YOU would vote for the christian every time . 
Scary huh ? 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2521
Who knows the real reason we finally got into WW2 ? 
If WE were living in my dream world where the entire western hemisphere were isolated -LRB- except for cultural and knowledge sharing -RRB- MY would find non-interference a difficult concept to adhere if the world was at war and say another Hitler was winning , not to help WE fellows . 
However , if WE former allies knew from the beginning that non-interference was WE policy MY think obeying that policy would be morally and ethically correct . 
Anyway , are you responding to this ? 
; '' &#8220; Well , first off , Iraq is not Nazi Germany , &#8217; &#8217; Paul said today on CNN &#8217; s Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . 
&#8220; And besides , MY thought it was Hitler that caused World War II , not the American people , who opposed going in . 
So &#8220; did n't make any sense . 
And then HITLER was awfully confused about isolationism versus non-intervention . 
There is a big difference . 
&#8220; Isolationism is n't what MY advocate , &#8217; &#8217; Paul told Blitzer . 
&#8220; MY advocate non-intervention , not getting involved in the internal affairs of other nations , and not pretending a country like Iraq is equivalent to Nazi Germany . 
Iraq had no army , no navy , had no weapons of mass destruction , had nothing to do with 9\/11 , so the comparison makes no sense . 
`` If not what do you mean by YOU comment ? 
Thanks for YOU reply ... ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2522
Not really , i would too . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2524
I would consider you I brother then , unless your religion is LaVey satanism or those that would do violence to others as a matter of doctrine . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2525
ME agree with most of the excerpts conclusions . 
That will surprise some members that know ME . 
Many people mistake me for a radical right wing conservative republican . 
ME am none of those things really . 
ME religion is Open Theist Christian \* . 
ME reality\/paradigm is determined by ME religion , which leads to the misconception that ME am conservative etc. . 
ME think all the political parties are ultimately corrupted by the love of money . 
ME religion based paradigm is simplistic but accurate\/true . 
For example , in physics SIMPLE isn &#8217; t the complex equations that give us the best answers to things , but rather SIMPLE 's the very most simple and elegant ones that describe complex things better ! 
Case in point ; E = MC2 ! 
The same thing holds true when trying to assess a complex system like US political system with SYSTEM seemingly infinite myriad branches trunk and roots that are the life support that is the bewildering complex botany of plants . 
So US must look at the tree as a whole and not try to take TREE apart . 
Sorry ME got off on a tangent ! 
Anyway there is nothing complex about US failures , every one of them can be traced back to Greed and the love of money , just as a great man\/God once said about 2000 years ago . 
\* Open Christian theism can best be described as liberal Christianity . 
US still must validate US beliefs by scripture but non traditional answers and such are accepted and studied where in an ordinary seminary or church those ideas would be summarily rejected . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2527
Yes 96 was 96 , but if you really want to see the racism RACISM 's in his approval numbers . 
I checked a while back to Carter none of those guys were in the ninety 's except Obama , I believe if I remember correctly CARTER always had about a 7 point advantage . 
Now here GUYS are , no jobs , , nothing and CARTER is still over 90 % approval with GUYS , , , go figure . 
That means the least THEM do for them the more GUYS like you , , , -LRB- If your black that is -RRB- HAHAHAHAHAHAnybody that says heavy racism is not involved is just full of crap , GUYS are sooo frightened to be un PC THAT 's nuts ... or rather GUYS dont have nuts ... Now this is what GUYS want you to believe , the people with the highest percentage wise on welfare , the people with the highest crime percentage , the people with the heaviest arrest percentages would never stoop so low as to be prejudice ... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Yup , , , that 's where GUYS draw the line ... GUYS would never treat a white person unfairly , murder , dope , prostitution , rape , , but Prejudice ? 
... NEVER !! 
LOLIt 's sad , THEM just can not trust anything from many a Liberals mouth , just like with them trying to condemn the Tea party when LOLIT 's THEM involved in all the violence , and the stopping of free speech as well . 
So besides all the crap MANY do MANY out right lie about LOLIT as well , even when LOLIT is put right in front of MANY ... MANY know MANY are not fooling anybody , I guess MANY figure what else MANY got to lose , and if MANY catch people out there that are ignorant enough MANY may get MANY to believe MANY garbage . 
Man , I am glad I am not in that mess . 
Somebody compared MANY party to Donkey Kong the other day ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 2528
The Dems knew exactly what they were doing , how do you make one of the largest transfers of wealth ? 
Real estate , , make the middle class lose fortunes on the values on THEY homes , and who steps in to profit from MIND ? 
, why MIND 's the poor , now those homes are affordable , never mind that you just stole MIND from the middle class who needed that money to retire ... Yup , , , real slick ... and most people do not even question MIND ... Remember Barny 's goal , make housing affordable to the poor , , , , BARNY just did . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2529
MEMBER hate Obama . 
So does MEMBER wife . 
So do MEMBER sons . 
MEMBER 'm the only white member of MEMBER family . 
Am MEMBER a racist and SONS are n't ? 
Hahaha . 
Obama is the living breathing embodiment of American leftism and we hate American leftism with WE beings . 
If that makes MEMBER multi-racial family racist then that 's fine with WE . 
You dilute the meaning of the word `` racist , '' and by doing so you weaken the approbation . 
MEMBER suspect that was n't your intent . 
Think about MEANING . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2531
the 180 who voted yes are brainwashed americans who need to stop listening to that idiot box in the lving room what BOX tells them , that idiot box is nothing but a TOOL for the government . 
The ONLY candidate people should vote for is Ron Paul . 
Here is WHY people should not vote for Obama or any of the other candidates except Paul . 
take two hours to watch this out of your day , I know you all have the time Obama lovers . 
YouTube - The Obama Deception HQ Full ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2532
Hi Albert , , weakening the word ? 
, , Look at my post count Al , think , been around and know this place ? 
That word was diluted two days after Obama was elected , MY been called that every day for two years , and everybody else on the right as well . 
You know the game , if YOUR disagree with Obama your a racist , if you have them cornered in a debate your a racist or Bigot . 
If you even mention Arizona your are both . 
So , , when you come here you speak '' PF '' , EITHER THAT OR JUST LAY DOWN AND DO N'T POST . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2534
Hi ' 9\/11WAIJ ' . 
PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER am a cautious proponent\/supporter of Ron Paul , however PAUL will have to change a few things before PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER could vote for PAUL with a clear conscious . 
PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER watch TV news for entertainment value only , knowing that they are selling a product etc. . 
So brother , PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER do PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER can -LRB- kinda -RRB- with what PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER have . 
PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER do have computer access obviously , a short wave and conventional radios , and most importantly a brain that works intermittently when not blinded by the rage and lusty desire to choke the ever loving -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- !!! 
\*\* !! -RRB- 
out of some fool who somehow manages to anger PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER beyond PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER ability to keep from writing something like the above ! 
-LRB- ha ha -RRB- , yes HA a fantasy and PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER have never in PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER decades on this planet actually harmed anyone for expressing their feelings . 
~ ra ~ -LRB- !!! 
\*\* !! -RRB- 
~ Please forgive PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER for the use of such foul language and worse , the more foul thoughts Jesus . 
That includes PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER beloved forum brothers and sisters , you know PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER love you and the father more than this flash in the pan so called life here on earth , again PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER apologies to all that PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER offended , and God bless all of you that are struggling just to survive mentally physically and simply to make ends meet , PROPONENT\/SUPPORTER love all of you , we will prevail because WE are all Gods children IMO ~ 
CURRENTPOSTID 2535
Your points are generally well taken . 
I apologize for I abrasive of ascerbic terms and words . 
I misunderstood your prior post . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2537
No problem ... I have read many of your posts , , I find you interesting . 
I was reading one thread in particular where you were having trouble in your neighborhood , , I feel bad for you . 
. 
I always took train when I was working , and worked in a bad area for over thirty years . 
DAY 's like day and night living in I neighborhood and the station that I office was near . 
I always hated the fact I had to dress down when I went to work , if you did n't you stood a good chance of getting robbed . 
Awful days we are Living in Al , , , mighty awful ... I was having a problem keeping I office door open to get some fresh air inside , so I purchased a very unusual Lamp chain , ONE was the only one long enough for I purpose , , so I attached DAYS and DAYS worked . 
I employee said , , '' Boss you cant leave that chain half outside like that MIGHTY will steal DAYS , I said for God sakes DAYS 's only a small Lamp chain , she said LEAVE does n't matter LEAVE 's shiny , , I laughed ... Following day FOLLOWING was gone , I did n't know if I should burst out Laughing or get so angry I wanted to choke somebody . 
I mean really a Lamp chain ? 
and CHAIN was screwed on to an outside wall of the office , MIGHTY had to rip CHAIN out and cause damage . 
Who could be that stupid ? 
who could need a Lamp chain that bad ? 
who could care that little about another persons property ? 
PROPERTY was absurd . 
That afternoon I walked to the Deli to get lunch and there was the usual bunch of ill mannered trouble making Bastards in there . 
I noticed one kid he was about ten I guess , KID was wearing I chain around KID neck with pride ... This is what we are up against , and if you stay on these pages long enough you will learn how that entire incident was I fault . 
You see some time a hundred years ago some white guy had slaves ... Well you know the rest of the story . 
Al , had I walked in I house as a kid and had that chain around I neck I parents would have said ... '' Whats that ? 
, where did you get that from ? 
, did you buy AL ? 
, where did you get the money ? 
what store ? 
I am telling you Sir , the more we coddle people like that , the more PC WE dump out there the worse PC will get , and SIR 's already worse I guess the word I am looking for is worster ... LOL PEOPLE have to look into PEOPLE , PEOPLE have to recognize the problem and admit ONE , not to I but to PEOPLE . 
SIR 's the home . 
. 
-LRB- If you want to call . that -RRB- , these kids are having kids without being kids yet KIDS ... KIDS have no regard for anybody only KIDS , WE were humble toward WE adults , KIDS attack KIDS , WE were respectful , KIDS talk trash , WE were there to help , KIDS help KIDS . 
Calling things as WE see KIDS is not wrong , what 's wrong is ignoring , making excuses , and expecting no better ... THAT 'S WRONG ! 
If KIDS do not fix these homes this country will blow sky high and all the AA , and welfare checks wont make a difference , after all KIDS have been taught KIDS deserve KIDS and KIDS actions are WE responsibility , there are no consequences for KIDS , respect is not something you earn , COUNTRY is gotten through intimidation or demanded for you by the Government . 
The resentments are held deep inside and not voicing the outrage is not only not healthy for society but COUNTRY will give you agida ... -LRB- Italian heartburn -RRB- . 
I am not saying you run around with a broad brush all day but when you see something so obvious there is nothing wrong in stating so , otherwise how do KIDS even know BRUSH 's wrong ? 
WE are aware and know most times BRUSH is not corrected in the household so in the balance WE are doing the same thing ... ONES are now the ones ignoring the chain ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2539
Off hand I would say you are fairly certain ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2540
This is patently racist hate speech ! 
No wonder people call you a racist . 
This post , in POST entirety , is n't sarcasm POST 's just revolting , repulsive , and hateful . 
People are people - no matter what color PEOPLE are . 
Most people , if not all , are prejudiced about someone or something , but the stuff written in this post is beyond forgiveness or even common sense . 
KID was a kid in the Detroit race riots in 1967 . 
We lived in an urban Catholic Polish neighborhood with some Hispanics . 
KID stepfather was a Army scout in the Philippines in WWII for 2 years when the average life span in that assignment was less than 3 months . 
PERSON was a expert marksman and about as tough as HISPANICS come . 
PERSON and one other American soldier worked and lived with the Philippine Aborigine insurgents against the Japanese . 
PERSON had to kill people to stay alive . 
Yet , PERSON was the most gentle , fair-minded person KID have ever known . 
In civilian life , PERSON was a letter carrier and loved PERSON job . 
When PERSON died , more than 300 people showed up at PERSON funeral . 
PERSON taught KID respect for all people and that those who hate and spout hate think THOSE have good reason to do so , but hatred wo n't change the world into what THOSE want . 
PERSON told KID that common sense and understanding can and does change attitudes . 
Life is not fair to anyone . 
Not economically , physically , intellectually . 
No one promised ME or me a rose garden without thorns in ONE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2543
No , that would be Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2544
His Presidency is n't even over yet . 
That 's rather presumptuous of you . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2545
It 'll be both . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2546
Obama will be worse than Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2547
Not possible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2548
What 's so bad about Bush ? 
If you say the economy , what has Obama done to improve ECONOMY . 
If you say the war in Iraq and Afghanistan , why are we still there ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2549
Wrongly elected , stupid , was tied to oil and gas companies , environmental policies sucked , too many vacations , tied his Christianity to politics , patriot act and loss of freedoms , bad economic policy led to rising debt , should not have privatized social security , was not respected abroad , never admitted to bad decisions . 
Shall i go on ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2550
I think it the world will look disparagingly at Obama , if WORLD ever gets off WORLD puffed up PC color coddling butt . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2551
That list nearly described every president in history . 
As far as binding his Christianity to HIS politics thank God HIS did that . 
Personally I think the modern west which includes the USA England etc is a manifestation of Templar era Christianity ie the Crusaders and Christendom in general . 
We have the historical DNA of the crusaders in WE blood . 
\* Being proud of ones religion and even allowing RELIGION to influence some policy is a lot better Obama 's immoral unethical ways and OBAMA like instilled goon squad of hair ball advisers . 
Throw in Obamas broken promises , OBAMA lying unethical ways , and you will have a visual of the man that Obama really is . 
Oh I forgot to add OBAMA is inexperienced -LRB- excutivally speaking -RRB- . 
I think Obama was far worse than Bush . 
I am no fan of the Iraq war , but somewhat support the Afghanistan war . 
As a Christian I I admire Bush for being proud that OBAMA is a Christian , Obama on the other hand is anything that BUSH needs to be , black , white , oreo , late term abortion champion ... no thanks ! 
I would go so far to say that Obama is our worst president in since James Buchanan , no. . 
. 
. is worse than even that buffoon . 
. color is of no consequence , but . ignorance , stupidity and naivety is . 
\* again this is speaking in purely abstract terms and generalities . 
We also have Muslim blood etc. . 
. 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2552
Barack Obama , during OBAMA Cairo speech , said : `` OBAMA know , too , that Islam has always been a part of America 's story . '' 
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN 'S RESPONSE : Dear Mr. Obama : Were those Muslims that were in America when the Pilgrims first landed ? 
Funny , I thought they were Native American Indians . 
Were those Muslims that celebrated the first Thanksgiving day ? 
Sorry again , those were Pilgrims and Native American Indians . 
Can you show I one Muslim signature on the United States Constitution ? 
Declaration of Independence ? 
Bill of Rights ? 
Did n't think so . 
Did Muslims fight for this country 's freedom from England ? 
No. . 
Did Muslims fight during the Civil War to free the slaves in America ? 
No , NO did not . 
In fact , Muslims to this day are still the largest traffickers in human slavery . 
Your own half brother , a devout Muslim , still advocates slavery MUSLIM , even though Muslims of Arabic descent refer to black Muslims as `` pug nosed slaves . '' 
Says a lot of what the Muslim world really thinks of your family 's `` rich Islamic heritage , '' does n't LOT Mr. Obama ? 
Where were Muslims during the Civil Rights era of this country ? 
Not present . 
There are no pictures or media accounts of Muslims walking side by side with Martin Luther King , Jr. or helping to advance the cause of Civil Rights . 
Where were Muslims during this country 's Woman 's Suffrage era ? 
Again , not present . 
In fact , devout Muslims demand that women are subservient to men in the Islamic culture . 
So much so , that often WOMEN are beaten for not wearing the ` hajib ' or for talking to a man who is not a direct family member or WOMEN husband . 
Yep , the Muslims are all for women 's rights , are n't WOMEN ? 
Where were Muslims during World War II ? 
WOMEN were aligned with Adolf Hitler . 
The Muslim grand mufti MUSLIM met with Adolf Hitler , reviewed the troops and accepted support from the Nazi 's in killing Jews . 
Finally , Mr. Obama , where were Muslims on Sept. 11th , 2001 ? 
If MUFTI were n't flying planes into the World Trade Center , the Pentagon or a field in Pennsylvania killing nearly 3,000 people on our own soil , MUFTI were rejoicing in the Middle East . 
No one can dispute the pictures shown from all parts of the Muslim world celebrating on CNN , Fox News , MSNBC and other cable news networks that day . 
Strangely , the very `` moderate '' Muslims who 's asses you bent over backwards to kiss in Cairo , Egypt on June 4th were stone cold silent post 9-11 . 
To many Americans , MUFTI silence has meant approval for the acts of that day . 
And THAT , Mr. Obama , is the `` rich heritage '' Muslims have here in America ... Oh , I 'm sorry , HERITAGE forgot to mention the Barbary Pirates . 
HERE were Muslim . 
And now we can add November 5 , 2009 - the slaughter of American soldiers at Fort Hood by a Muslim major who is a doctor and a psychiatrist who was supposed to be counseling soldiers returning from battle in Iraq and Afghanistan . 
That , Mr. Obama is the `` Muslim heritage '' in America . 
EVERY AMERICAN MUST READ THIS !! 
Be sure to SEND NOW TO ALL . 
Muslim Heritage , I ass umption . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2553
Color has nothing to do with COLOR , unless you 're a racist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2554
Color does have something to do with it and you need not be racist to believe that unless you believe all the blacks who voted for Obama because of OBAMA skin color are racists . 
Obama was given a pass for most of the first part of OBAMA term because of OBAMA skin color . 
OBAMA was supposed to be the ` golden child ' , the one to bring the races together . 
Instead , OBAMA has pushed the races further apart . 
OBAMA has done this by such things as jumping into the cop and professor case and declaring the police force idiots without knowing what had actually happened in the case . 
OBAMA has done this by allowing OBAMA justice department to not prosecute the New Black Panther Party members who intimidated voters at the polls . 
OBAMA has done this by referring to OBAMA white grandmother as a ` typical white person ' . 
Obama 's presidency has proven to be an unmitigated disaster and the question asked at the title of this thread should be changed from , Will you vote for Obama in 2012 , to , Will anyone vote for Obama in 2012 ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2555
Your rhetoric only applies to 3 of the above . 
Only Bush and Obama have been presidents , so how can you judge the other 3 as presidential material ? 
I voted for Obama . 
I did not vote for OBAMA because OBAMA is black , but because OBAMA proved during the debates that McCain was a fool -LRB- especially with MCCAIN pick for VP in ditherhead Palin -RRB- meaning , `` there 's no fool like an ` old ' fool . '' 
Further proof is McCain 's record since the election which is even worse than MEANING was before the election . 
As for who `` screwed '' up the country , there can be no worse jerk than the other ditherhead , Bratboy Bush . 
FOR totally relied on Cheney , another `` stoup '' who used FOR wife 's money and WIFE family to get ahead in politics because FOR could n't get anywhere on FOR own . 
FOR truly is the human face of Darth Vader , except Vader was a fictional warrior and Cheney never was . 
This is the guy who shot a friend in the face and then had the friend apologize for being in front of gun . 
Cheney has always had a `` heart '' problem . 
Now NOW 's truly as `` artificial '' and empty as CHENEY brain was from birth . 
Two shriveled pea brains in a shriveled pee pod : Bratboy Bush and `` Dick '' Cheney . 
They and the REPUBLICAN Neocons are 100 % responsible for the absolutely asinine dilemma the USA is in today -LRB- a recession caused by out of control Wall Street greed , negligent Republican appointed regulators and enforcers , and a Republican inspired , balloon-headed notion that the USA could control the oil fields in the M E just because THEY are the lone super power . 
Nobody else , even the simple minded Dems can take credit for this mess . 
SIMPLE ALL belongs to the Republicans . 
And anyone who tries to explain this mess away the way conservatives and the addlebrained tea party is trying to do is . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2556
What a load of horse -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- ! 
Muslims have been part of American history since pre-Columbus times . 
Indeed , early explorers used maps that were derived from the work of Muslims , with EXPLORERS advanced geographical and navigational information of the time . 
Some scholars estimate that 10-20 percent of the slaves brought over from Africa were Muslims . 
The film `` Amistad '' alluded to this fact , portraying Muslims aboard this slave vessel trying to perform SCHOLARS prayers , while chained together on deck as SCHOLARS crossed the Atlantic . 
Personal narratives and histories are harder to find , but some stories have been passed on from reliable sources : Omar Ibn Said -LRB- ca . 
1770-1864 -RRB- was born in the Muslim state of Futa Toro in Western Africa , in present-day Senegal . 
MUSLIM was a Muslim scholar and trader who was captured and enslaved . 
MUSLIM arrived in South Carolina in 1807 , and was sold to James Owen of North Carolina . 
Sali-Bul Ali was a slave on a plantation . 
ALI owner James Cooper wrote : `` ALI is a strict Mahometan -LRB- sic -RRB- ; abstains from spirituous liquors , and keeps various fasts , particularly that of the Ramadan ... '' Lamen Kebe was a slave who used to be a school teacher in Africa . 
COOPER shared information about the texts and teaching methods used in the Islamic schools of COOPER country . 
Abdul Rahman Ibrahim Sori spent 40 years in slavery before SORI returned to Africa to die . 
SORI wrote two autobiographies , and signed a charcoal sketch of SORI by Henry Inman , which was featured on the cover of `` Freedman 's Journal '' and is on display in the Library of Congress . 
Many of the Muslim slaves were encouraged or forced to convert to Christianity . 
Many of the first-generation slaves retained much of MANY Muslim identity , but under the harsh slavery conditions this identity was largely lost to later generations . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2557
Were the Jews there too ? 
At America 's beginning ? 
I think not . 
I great great great grand maternal ancestors were here long before any Christian European or Middle East Jew or Muslim set foot on this continent . 
If the native Americans had been treated with a fraction of the `` guilt '' induced largess the Jews received after WWII , ANCESTORS would be a part of the American political aristocracy today . 
I have no sympathy for Israel 's `` humanitarian '' behavior today . 
A historian would question if the Israeli conservatives in power today learned anything from the holocaust . 
When the Old Testament wantonly says the Hebrew god mandates every living thing opposed to Jewish settlements be slaughtered\/exterminated : men , women , children , live stock and planted fields suggests to I that MEN religion cares as little for MEN enemies as MEN infamously impose upon MEN Muslim neighbors . 
Therefore , `` Let MEN who are without sin cast the first stone ! '' 
I think your post is without merit or foundation in your argument ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2558
Obama 's presidency is n't over yet . 
How can you compare OBAMA 2 year term so far with the unmitigated , colossal failure of Bratboy Bush 's 8 years . 
Bush had virtual total control over the country with the Neocon Republicans running the show for BUSH . 
What little power the Dems did to curtail BUSH conservative shenanigans , BUSH made null and void by `` signing statements . '' 
And , to ridicule some of BUSH statements compared with the statements now being broadcast by Fox News -LRB- news ? -RRB- 
, religious conservatives and the teabaggers is loathsome . 
We all say things WE wished WE had not . 
I , too , have problems with some of the things BUSH 's said , but BUSH is n't a saint just because BUSH 's President . 
Michelle Bachman is close to being a standup comedian with some of the stuff that comes out of her mouth along with Huckabee , Gingrich , Santorum , Palin , et al. who aspire to run for President next year . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2559
So you voted for him because you did n't think HIM was as bad as the other candidate ? 
People should vote for who is the best , and there should be a list of good enough candidates so that we should n't have to vote for whoever wo n't screw up the country the worst . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2560
Cool post ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2561
Cool Post # 2 ! 
Thanks ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2562
No I disagree , the problem is decades crimes of money and power orientated politicians in both parties . 
POLITICIANS all are evil separated only by degrees of sin . 
I can usually tell when someone is losing by how intense the name calling gets ! 
The liberal democrats must be beyond losing ! 
Ha ha ... Anyway ~ The ` addlebrained tea party ' is going to continue to roll on baby , DEMOCRATS rule , handing the Dems DEMOCRATS ass at every turn it seems . 
I am not a conservative nor a liberal , -LRB- I vote the issues on an individual basis -RRB- just an observer but have watched the tea party be ridiculed by MSNBC -LRB- a crappy liberal news station blown out of the water by a conservative pro bush FOX -RRB- and liberals that come out of the woodwork to -LRB- attempt to -RRB- bash LIBERALS only to be made look like fools as the teaparty steam rolls LIBERALS as easily as squashing a hapless bug . 
In fact LIBERALS roll over anyone that opposes LIBERALS . 
If you oppose LIBERALS Sassy , I recommend you use something other than rhetoric against LIBERALS , or you too will be mauled by the mean political machine called the tea party . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2564
He 's on course to do that . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2565
Sorry , with that simplistic POV , a democracy is no better than a dictatorship . 
That 's a fool 's point of view and exactly why the House turned Republican . 
The `` cranky '' Liberals refused to go to the polls because LIBERALS did n't think Obama was `` liberal '' enough so the teabaggers -LRB- LIBERALS are rabid minority -RRB- got TEABAGGERS Neocon vote out . 
What nonsense . 
How childish . 
How typical of Americans to `` pout '' when LIBERALS think -LRB- think ? -RRB- 
LIBERALS have been maltreated by LIBERALS leadership . 
Liberals got the gridlock LIBERALS deserve ; the conservatives got the gridlock CONSERVATIVES deserve and the rest of us have to bite US lip and live with the consequences . 
I deeply resent that perspective . 
Since your post suggests that not enough `` good '' candidates are available , pray tell I your solution to that dilemma ? 
US have 2 parties in power in this country and because the individual `` states '' determine how a candidate is qualified to run , the most powerful party makes that decision . 
Money is usually the determinate factor . 
Take the money out of ALL politics and that levels the playing field for ALL candidates as well as the voters . 
Why ? 
because candidates are no longer under pressure to `` reward '' those who donate to get the candidate elected . 
Another improvement would be to redistrict the country according to the Constitution , not limit the number to 435 districts ; begin nonpartisan redistricting according to population alone , not by political party ; get rid of the electoral college ; return the office of President and V.P. to be voted on separately so that the candidate with the most votes becomes President and the next highest vote getter becomes V.P. -LRB- this was the way it was historically done just after the Constitution was adopted -RRB- . 
These changes take the `` selection power '' out of party politics and returns that power to the voters where POWER `` should '' be , as you idealize . 
That going to happen ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2566
The teabaggers are radical . 
Radicals tend to tune into the anger the general population is feeling and gain popularity for a time . 
Egypt is a example . 
The people managed to overthrow the `` hated '' head of state , but after the dust settles , the army remains the only stable organization ; and that 's exactly from where Mubarak rose to power . 
The teabaggers gained power in the southwest and southern Republican party -LRB- democrats until LBJ passed the civil rights act -RRB- ; from religious conservative Democrats -LRB- blue dogs -RRB- in the midwest ; and Fox News who has become a doggerel political party using so called public owned airways . 
Thanks to union buster Ronald Reagan , the once powerful labor unions that literally `` made '' the middle class after WWII have lost PAC power ; and Reagan 's tax aversion to ALL public education initiatives for American children , the quality of educated young people in America has deteriorated dramatically . 
We rank no where near the top 5 % globally WE once did . 
Home schooling is a dismal failure when FAILURE comes to giving children the tools CHILDREN need to `` lead '' the world in trade , finance , invention . 
So , ra , and the rest of the teabag NRA militia , tote your guns to political rallies and shoot to wound and kill the opposition representatives you hold with vicious contempt and hatred . 
That creates chaos and fear for a time , but eventually , even that becomes intolerable and the majority will out at the voting box . 
So , stick to your delusions . 
REPRESENTATIVES will allow you to sleep at night . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2567
Really ? 
He 's trying to lead from the center . 
That means HE offends both those who are strongly liberal and conservative , but CENTER does n't follow that what HE 's doing or has done is wrong . 
When Bush was at this same period in BUSH Presidency , BUSH had moved the USA into 2 wars , one of which after 10 years we now know was based on a blatant lie ; the other BUSH called a `` war '' any reasonable person would say WE ca n't win now or ever . 
Yet , Bush was elected to a 2nd term . 
Based on the above , I 'd suggest that most American voters are gluttons for political punishment . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2568
Yes it would , , Bush had the Democrats adding a major part in the problem with the housing , Barney even admits IT . 
Obama is screwing up all on OBAMA own . 
You still have Gitmo and not only has n't Obama gotten out of the war , OBAMA started another . 
The guy is horrible magnum , Oh , and GUY is still talking about infrastructure , will very possibly lose Health care and has the country more divided than ever , and GUY did CARE all in how long ? 
Bush was there eight years . 
The Liberals are so frustrated LIBERALS are causing violence all over , and unemployment is still a major problem . 
I have never seen any President do all this damage in such a short period of time , not even Carter ... Hey , if CARTER takes prisoners in Libya where will CARTER put PRISONERS ? 
OHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOO ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2569
Obama did n't start this , where are you getting your information ? 
foxnews ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2570
Ohhhhh yes OHHHHH did . 
We were not in it till OHHHHH said so ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2571
Yep . 
It was supposed to be Italy , Britain , Canada , and us . 
Well , CANADA was basically just US . 
I have no clue what he 'll do next - or wo n't do . 
Hell , Obama is a rogue POTUS . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2572
Who started it then ? 
We would not be shooting missiles right now unless Obama ordered them ... OBAMA is the commander in chief you know . 
If Bush has started this , there would be outrage from the left , the hypocrisy is incredible . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2573
To be honest CHRISTIAN am a fringe christian -LRB- or open theist christian -RRB- and an activist . 
So CHRISTIAN was not unhappy to see the rise of the tea party and THEM power . 
However , CHRISTIAN know very little about the detailed inner workings of the tea party . 
CHRISTIAN do know MSNBC hates THEM and FOX loves THEM , ha ha that 's a fairly good endorsement as far as CHRISTIAN am concerned ! 
That said CHRISTIAN will also tell you CHRISTIAN am no great fan of FOX but CHRISTIAN do SO detest MSNBC ! 
THEM are a violent group masquerading as do gooders when GOODERS are just as mean and hateful as what THEM imagine the awful gun toting right wingers are ! 
Ok why do you think the tea party is radical ? 
How radical do you think THEM are ? 
Are THEM as radical as say the Taliban who uses murder and terror to accomplish THEM goals ? 
You make serious claims so you should have serious proof of this violence and that VIOLENCE instigated and approved of by the chairman of the tea party . 
So proof please ? 
And PLUEASE no pictures or u tube videos of questionable origins . 
Nor pictures or rhetoric any renegade so called member . 
CHRISTIAN am taking about war orders from the chairman president or what ever the Tea Party calls their leadership . 
CHRISTIAN have seen exactly NONE ! 
Ha ha what is MSNBC pray tell ? 
CHRISTIAN think that the liberals are simply jealous and fearful that FOX is so popular ! 
LIBERALS are uber terrified that LIBERALS are in the extreme minority . 
LIBERALS do not blame LIBERALS , but rather LIBERALS blame popular talk shows like Rush Borze Savage Beck FOX etc. as being leaders of an right wing conspiracy or something ! 
How stupid is that ? 
Sorry , that the popularity of the right wing is where the advertising money is ! 
If the fringe leftist view was popular FOX would be courting the left ! 
VIEW that easy eh ? 
Again CHRISTIAN am not especially enamored with FOX , EH like every other capitalistic endeavor . 
EH are in business to make money first , sometimes at the expense of the truth , hence the FOXs and the Becks and the Rushes . 
We live in a semi free country and if the majority of the people beleive and want to hear far right talk and are willing to spend money to see TALK then by god that 's whats going to be on TV ! 
COUNTRY far more a money thing than a political thing . 
CHRISTIAN think the leftist liberal airheads are in denial and can not beleive that maybe 80 % of the population are more like FOX viewers than like VIEWERS . 
The only good thing the unions did is raise the wage in the early 1900s . 
The trouble is AIRHEADS did not know where to stop and ended up killing the goose that laid AIRHEADS golden eggs . 
CHRISTIAN am not pro union but not anti union either . 
The guns carried to those rallies appear to CHRISTIAN to be a symbol -LRB- look BIT up BIT may be a bit of a stretch -RRB- . 
If BIT strikes fear in those that know next to nothing about our history or even human nature so be BIT . 
Fear is a good motivator . 
OUR founding fathers knew that firearms were necessary as a fear motivator and as a symbol . 
What do OUR think this means ? 
; `` The constitutions of most of our States assert that all power is inherent in the people ; that ... RIGHT is PEOPLE right and duty to be at all times armed ; ... '' Thomas Jefferson ... `` No Free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms . '' 
A free people -LRB- should be -RRB- to be armed &#8230; '' George Washington ... or `` The people are not to be disarmed of PEOPLE weapons . 
PEOPLE are left in full possession of PEOPLE . '' 
Zachariah Johnson ... `` To disarm the people -LRB- is -RRB- the best and most effectual way to enslave PEOPLE . '' 
&#8230; '' George Mason `` Besides the advantage of being armed , which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation , ... in the several kingdoms of Europe , ... the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms . '' 
James Madison `` Fear is the foundation of most governments ... '' John Adams , Thoughts on Government , 1776 . 
You may be in denial Sassy double check Obamas numbers , PEOPLE want ADAMS GONE . 
CHRISTIAN will stick to the laments of CHRISTIAN founding fathers and God . 
Yes CHRISTIAN sleep very well . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2574
Great posts Trinnity and Founder ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2575
AMAZING , CAN YOU IMAGINE IF WE USED THAT LOGIC ON THEM ? 
, , , BUSH DID N'T GET US INTO THE WAR , THEY DID ... Whats funny is we might be able to actually say that , but US do not remember Libya attacking WE , do you Rev ? 
Obama is the aggressor , and THEM cant stand INTO . 
Everything THEM ever said about Bush and War just went up in smoke ... PooF \* 
CURRENTPOSTID 2576
Indeed ! 
Up in smoke eh ? 
That reminds me of the Cheeze and Chong movie ... Maybe they too -LRB- the USA haters -RRB- are smoking some good stuff , and have been since 1969 !!! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2577
As is usual , your posts are drenched in hatred and , as saintly Ronnie Reagan put it , lugubrious `` disinformation . '' 
Just because you say IT , IT must be true . 
Your current forum name , flounder , is appropriate , because your eyes have relocated to only one side of your head , and every word you post is `` fishy . '' 
The worst presidential administration in history , by far and away , is Neocon Bratboy Bush and BUSH `` troop leader '' Dickyboy Cheney !!!!! 
Hands down !!!!! 
Further , your teabag Republicans have been in office 3 months and have n't created a single job . 
Where are all those jobs , by the way ? 
All the `` leaderless '' Republicans can get WAY on with is their `` long in the tooth '' straw man goofball antiAmerican human and economic rights issues : gay marriage , abortion , CUT TAXES FOR RICH PEOPLE , etc. . 
Now THEIR are in full seamy dictator mode -LRB- i.e. Wisconsin and other `` backward '' stumbling , unbalanced teabag states -RRB- to disenfranchise tax paying union folk . 
Now that 's a real bell ringer for the cranial brainless !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2579
You did not answer one charge , , not one . 
. 
I here name calling but nothing about the Housing , Gitmo , War , jobs , , nothing ... and GITMO has been in there how long ? 
After you call a few names you say , , Further , , , and ask about three months , but nothing about the last couple of years ... You talk about cut Tax 's that Obama approved , so I guess OBAMA disappointed you again . 
Here is how HERE works , , You are supposed to pose a cohesive argument , like why Obama let the rich slide with tax 's , why OBAMA approves of Gitmo , why the Democrats ruined the Housing market ... follow ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2580
That confession is the most honest thing I have seen you post ! 
If anyone sits at one moment in the front and then in the next moment at back end of the horse , MOMENT 's you ! 
Suggests an inability to make sense about what MOMENT is you DO believe . 
That 's a fragile , rickety fence you sit on . 
What the above post just said is that you `` hate '' -LRB- detest -RRB- MSNBC and the people there . 
Now is that the proper spirit for a `` Christian '' to have toward anyone ? 
Oh , I misspoke , you just said CHRISTIAN are a `` fringe '' Christian and an activist . 
-LRB- Was n't NOW Jesus who said : Render unto Caesar that which is Caesar 's and unto God that which is God 's -RRB- . 
Just a reminder : But , is n't that exactly the kind of `` righteous '' rhetoric and behavior that is antipathy to devoted Christians ? 
Just sayin ' ? 
OOOOOO , must I must have hit a `` soggy '' spot in your teabag . 
I do n't have to prove anything I 've ascribed to the `` teabaggers . '' 
TEABAGGERS do OOOOOO every time one of them opens his\/her mouth either in an op ed or to a reporter . 
In fact , TEABAGGERS spend as much time ` esplainin ' what TEABAGGERS mean as TEABAGGERS do in making the red faced statement TEABAGGERS began with . 
Right wing demagogue M. Bachman is the chairman of the congressional teabag caucus . 
M. best response to a reporter -LRB- MTP a week ago -RRB- is to ignore the question and repeat outrageous statements M. has memorized -- about like RR 's repeating the same speech throughout REPORTER 8 years as President . 
The other teabagger is Baptist preacher , Huckabee . 
CHRISTIAN last public description of Obama as being born and raised in Kenya is undisputed proof that CHRISTIAN 's as intellectually ignorant and as CHRISTIAN is a reprobate Christian -LRB- Thou shall not bear false witness -RRB- . 
Plus , I like the way YOU dictate to I what you want I to prove ! 
Jealous of Fox News . 
Nooooooo . 
I them because THEM are so outrageously `` obvious '' that THEM `` choose '' to cater to the lowest common denominator of American voters . 
I ca n't watch 5 minutes of Glen Beck without laughing out loud . 
5 's such a fraud trying to emulate a `` professor '' when 5 has neither the education nor the intellect . 
I 'd love to see 5 go up against someone like Christopher Hitchens who would blow 5 out of the studio both with humor and `` facts ; '' something Beck does n't recognize unless BECK invented THEM . 
What are you then ? 
Do you know ? 
Seems to I that someone who lives in Appalachia , would be very pro-union because of the inhuman conditions miners endure in the coal mines . 
Or , are you an advocate for black lung disease , a preexisting condition that insurance carriers refuse to qualify for treatment ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2581
It does n't do any good to answer `` your '' charges ! 
Your response is to dismiss YOUR out of hand and then repeat the same over and over again . 
But , that 's what Neocons call debate . 
Lame !!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2582
those 183 fools who want to have Obama get reelected , better wake the hell up and realize that Ron Paul is the ONLY candidate FOOLS should consider voting for in the reelection . 
OBAMA is the ONLY candidate who is for the people , but more importantly , believes in the constitution . 
Here get educated Obama lovers . 
CONSTITUTION takes two hours to watch but you have that time . 
you take that much time to watch movies all the time . 
Wake up Obama lovers 
CURRENTPOSTID 2583
Ron Paul is not a candidate . 
At 77 years old , YEARS 's doubtful 77 will be viable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2584
I 'd hate to see your worst . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2585
Barack Obama is not a candidate . 
At any age , it 's doubtful OBAMA will be a viable . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2586
Typical liberal voting rationale . 
I heard that McCain was too old by some of I democrat friends , these people could n't list any of Obama 's stances or McCain 's ... SOME claimed it did n't matter because McCain was too old . 
I would rather have an old president who knows what MCCAIN is doing , than an incompetent one . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2587
And there is historical precident . 
Ronald Reagan was 69 when REAGAN -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- slapped Carter in 1980 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2589
Unless the GOP nominee is Bob Inglis , I suspect I choice will be between Obama and the Green party candidate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2590
Thanks for the school yard chatter , let us know when you care to actually debate . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2591
Confession ? 
PERSON said the same things -LRB- and more -RRB- in PERSON introduction . 
So PERSON do not waver in PERSON values . 
PERSON am the same when PERSON introed ' as PERSON am now , you only had to look at PERSON introduction ... No , you lied , PERSON never said PERSON hate nor detest the people there . 
That &#8217; s NOT ok ! 
your pathetic attempts at character assassination are blatantly obvious , and pathetic . 
Not only that if you must lie to get a point across POINT not a point worth making , eh ? 
BTW , in PERSON intro PERSON said this ; &#8220; Hi to all . 
PERSON am a somewhat -LRB- non-traditional -RRB- conservative leaning semi anarchist type person that is suspicious of a overly large and bloated federal government . '' 
So PERSON do not waver in what PERSON say . 
PERSON am a non traditional gun toting -LRB- PERSON carry a .45 with an extended magazine , and a .38 , sometimes PERSON also carry a .12 gauge riot shotgun if PERSON am emptying cash vaults at PERSON machines , usually in the early AM -RRB- . 
Not at all ! 
Your inaccurate and simple comments are common rhetoric and propaganda used by those that hate Christians and Christianity . 
The personalities of those types of people can be mildly violent to dangerous psychopaths , that are capable of harming others . 
With all due respect , PERSON am not saying you are one of those type individuals , but your hateful comments about the tea party which is heavily Christian and other conservative groups are nearly identical . 
PERSON am not a tea party person nor member , but maybe you can tell PERSON or better yet a moderator what you meant by that phrase ie an ` tea bag ? ' 
All talk and no proof . 
Every time ? 
PERSON can claim many things but backing TALK up with proof is not so easy , especially when 90 % of TALK is a lie . 
Your credibility is zero with PERSON because you are fond of making claims without an shred of proof . 
From what PERSON have seen much of the tea party people are normal people , unless the footage is shot by a mike moore or a MSNBC type . 
PERSON backed you in a corner because PERSON knew you can &#8217; t prove nearly anything you say ! 
And PERSON knew you would lose CORNER and show your true colors -LRB- as in above -RRB- . 
PERSON just wanted everyone else to see the real you ! 
In any case your rants are always the same prattle as above . 
An hysterical rant by a beaten -LRB- politically -RRB- foe . 
If you think the last elections were bad wait until 2012 ! 
Yessssss you are ! 
PERSON think morally , as in traditional christian value , FOX viewers are the core of America . 
BUILT are what built America and what will sustain AMERICA when the girlie men run away when the going gets tough . 
So IMO , BUILT are the highest denominator and the best people in America . 
PERSON do n't watch TV news because NEWS mostly entertainment not news . 
PERSON have several computers and a short wave . 
Thats where PERSON get PERSON news . 
Ha ha ~ Name ONE remarkable factual error that beck has made ? 
PERSON am no fan of becks but ~ researches ~ lectres and rarely makes a mistake . 
Ok a challenge # 2 name the facts that Beck has fabricated . 
PERSON am not going to let you run from these two challenges . 
-LRB- ha ha this will be so much fun ! -RRB- 
. 
What am PERSON ? 
A child of God . 
PERSON own two christian non profit humanitarian missions and a church -LRB- a paper tiger church to support the missions -RRB- PERSON recently bought a small vending business ... ummm ' PERSON hold a MA in comparative Christianity and a BA in general liberal arts -LRB- gasp PERSON 'm sure -RRB- . 
PERSON am an artist and a photographer , as well as been around the world a couple of times , once with Uncle Sam , all these claims can be vindicated . 
What are YOU ? 
You like myths eh ? 
Oh yes another thing , OH ai n't clips OH MAGAZINES . 
Maybe one day YOU will learn that GUYS , the gun lovers , firearm friends , NRA Howdy Doodie guys -LRB- well PERSON basset Bogie is a hoday doe dog -RRB- , real Americans as Archie bunker would say , won in the last SCOTUS decision , DAY 's BROTHERS the PEOPLE , not the militia , not the army but PERSON and PERSON brothers and sisters that have the RIGHT to keep and bear arms . 
And there is not one -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- -LRB- \* -RRB- thing you nor your hysterical friends can do about ONE . 
Say would you consider going out with PERSON ? 
Budda budda byeeee ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2592
I have rebutted every issue you raised in I post . 
In addition I asked you to respond to a couple of challenges . 
Here is I direct quote ; AND ~ I know back when I was asked the same questions I could not meet the challenge . 
Yes I found some minor stuff but not any significant factual errors or fabricated material . 
Frankly I do not know that the outcome will be . 
I do not think Beck will lie . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2593
NO ! 
Jollee 
CURRENTPOSTID 2596
I think that Palin is an opportunistic bimbo . 
But I KNOW that the obamalama is a worse president than Nixon , Carter and Bush . 
-LRB- combined or separately -RRB- Therefore I have no worry that Palin could possibly be worse than the incompetent clown obamalama . 
I would hate to see OBAMALAMA elected , but would much rather ELECTED than PALIN . 
obamalama is the worst president in modern times , maybe the worst EVER . 
Each day I get more of a feeling that ANYONE else has an excellent chance of being better . 
Look at what the idiot clown has done while holding reelection foremost in CLOWN plans . 
Reelection is CLOWN only restraint and yet CLOWN has blown over $ 4 trillion dollars in 2 years . 
CLOWN will surpass Bush 's total debt increase IN THIS FISCAL YEAR !!!! 
. 
Less than 3 years compared to 8 years . 
It is beyond scary what 8 will attempt to do if reelected and is a lame duck with no more campaigning to do and no higher office to seek . 
. 
CURRENTPOSTID 2597
Nixon was a far , far better president than the other clowns you mentioned , do not put PRESIDENT in that group !!!!!!!!!!!! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2599
Despite his protestations to the contrary , Nixon was a crook ! 
And being far better than the previous mentioned group does NOT make HIS in any way acceptable . 
Bad is bad , even if the rest were worse . 
BAD like today 's liberals , when faced with the FACT that obamalama is terrible , LIBERALS want to ignore BAD and point out how bad Bush was . 
Nixon was bad , Bush was worse . 
Both are now history . 
obamalama will be remembered in history as much worse than all the rest . 
That does n't make the rest any better . 
Clinton was a boozing whore monger , and the best we 've had in recent times . 
-LRB- and I 'm NOT a Democrat or in any way liberal -RRB- A sad commentary indeed . 
If obamalama is reelected and no longer has to worry about ANY reelection , , , , , , , , , , , , , , THE WORST IS YET TO COME ! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2600
Absolutely not . 
If the GOP does n't put up anyone good I will find an independent that I can vote for . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2601
I agree . 
I wonder do you think any president can not be a crook ? 
I beleive that we should revamp WE political system . 
WE have an electoral college that nearly no common man understands . 
WE have a system that a presidential candidate must ally CANDIDATE with big money and after that keep the funds flowing by under the table deals . 
That is not a good system ! 
SYSTEM puts the president in bed with people that have goals that are diametrically opposed to the welfare of the people . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2602
Hey brother Flounder , I dig your new avatar ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2603
Indeed he has projected the USA as a weak butt kissing nation that 's afraid to use USA power . 
This is good for liberal PC groupies but horrible for the real world plight of the USA . 
The radical Islamic power brokers do not respect weakness and only understand getting a nose bleed from a hard right hook , and not be in doubt that a left to the button is on LEFT way . 
Obama seems to want to destroy this country and the way of life of COUNTRY citizens . 
COUNTRY time to get rid of that weak buffoon . 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2604
Hi Rev , how you been , , , LOL , , , thanx , HI is left over from April fools day , , , hahahaha . 
My daughter is all upset , DAUGHTER lost another friend , , DAUGHTER was 23 , Cancer started in DAUGHTER kidneys , very sad ... About 6 years ago DAUGHTER lost DAUGHTER first friend due to a bicycle accident , DAUGHTER wanted to tattoo FRIEND name on DAUGHTER . 
MY said Honey MY understand , but in this life if you do that every time you lose a friend you will look like a phone book ... DAUGHTER listened and held off , to date DAUGHTER has lost four friends . 
MY will call DAUGHTER again later today , DAUGHTER graduates in June ... MY lost several friends this year alone , all were under 60 , , , imagine ? 
MY am glad MY retired early ... MY 'm 62 , , but feel 40 ... MY 'm in great shape MY have a lot to be thankful for . 
MY thought MY would miss MY best friend Mithch more than MY do , but 62 's not like FRIEND is gone , , we speak every night before bed , FRIEND always wants to know whats going on , but MY tell MY FRIEND best start picking up FRIEND end of the conversation the S.O.B. ... . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2605
One of my best friends is a practicing Muslim , I have known MUSLIM and MUSLIM family for over twenty years . 
MUSLIM told I our President is a fool , MUSLIM does not understand just how crazy those people are . 
The Muslims here want nothing to do with PEOPLE , in fact that 's why many are here , as OUR have realized MUSLIM said these people are living a thousand years ago , and will never change . 
All PEOPLE understand is blood , FACT 's who PEOPLE are . 
MUSLIM also mentioned that Obama thinks OBAMA can deal with PEOPLE , MUSLIM 's a fool MUSLIM said ... '' You can never trust anything that comes out of PEOPLE mouth , all PEOPLE have is PEOPLE crazy mixed up beliefs , and PEOPLE will never make a honest deal with anybody . '' 
MUSLIM hates Obama , like you OBAMA feels OBAMA is making this country weak and that OBAMA should stop the BS and kill every one of them , WAY 's the only way . 
I would trust I friend Adam with I life , ADAM is a very good man . 
I asked ADAM why dont the Muslims here speak up more . 
ADAM said to ADAM '' Dave , you are not understanding I , we want nothing to do with THEM , nothing . 
These are not Muslims to WE , PEOPLE are crazy people , do you look at that nut who burned that Koran as one of you ? 
, of course you dont , to you OF is a maniac , , , same thing . 
Only with WE there are many of PEOPLE , many more than people think , WE ignore what PEOPLE do , PEOPLE are not Muslims , why would WE want to give PEOPLE any concern ? 
I hate every one of those Bastards Dave , WE all do '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2606
Hee hee ... It looks like a friend of mine ! 
Oh I am well ! 
That is quite a lot for someone in their twenties . 
Maybe LOT will prepare her for other losses . 
And in a way WAY a gain if HER and HER friends are christian . 
I consider WAY a promotion of sorts . 
While that sounds a bit callous WAY beautiful if you think about WAY ! 
Ha ha Well I am over fifty and feel a hundred and fifty ! 
I have a lot of metal and plastic , coral , and cadaver parts -LRB- bone -RRB- that need replacing ! 
I have lost so many people that I knew that I have stopped counting ! 
I grew up in the drug culture and back then you were weird if you did not use some kind of substance , and SHOWING showing by most of the people I knew dying of strange diseases before PEOPLE hit 60 ! 
I smoke a little dope and drank a lot of booze but never did like the hard stuff , however I Harley Davidson and Army ranger training -LRB- I made STUFF to I first static jump and blew out both I knees because I chute did not open properly -RRB- . 
I finished I stint as a PsyOps specialist , heck STINT fit I personality better than jumping out of airplanes while people shot at you ! 
I still ride harleys tho ' ... I know what you mean by those one sided convos ! 
God bless you brother and sorry to the forum for this off topic convo ... Hey on topic I last wife died by a stroke at age 40 three years ago , HEY did not like Obama and I smile every time I write something nasty about OBAMA ! 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2607
I sure dig Dave ! 
Ha ha yes I feel saddened for those Muslims that are brainwashed into hating us . 
But feeling sorry for them and turning I back on THEM -LRB- the radicals -RRB- is two different things , I sure wish Obama would learn that ! 
Take care bro , I have been up all night , time for a bit of shut eye eh ? 
ra 
CURRENTPOSTID 2609
Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid , rather than open MOUTH and remove all doubt . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2612
They must be creating multiple accounts since THEY know THEY are getting beaten in debate and failing on the rep board . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2614
Politifact is a left leaning site . 
POLITIFACT is NOT unbiased . 
You may look at POLITIFACT however you wish , I see them saying odrama has kept only 139 of 508 promises after 30 months . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2616
It may say he has only kept 139 , but how many does 139 say HE has violated ? 
How many has HE gone totally against ? 
hmm , NONE !!!! 
A President has no magic wand , many of the things they promise are subject to the whims of congress , and boy does WAND have whims . 
You may not like the many things obama has done , you may disagree with OBAMA promises , you may disagree with OBAMA politics , but to say OBAMA has NOT kept promises and has broken any is a flat out lie . 
Personally CENTRIST agree with about 50 percent of the things OBAMA has done , which happens to be about 48 percent more than the things McCain\/Palin promised . 
CENTRIST am a Centrist , not a leftist , or rightest 
CURRENTPOSTID 2617
Do you not read and comprehend well ? 
Are you ideologically blinded by nonsense . 
The left leaning site clearly says odrama has BROKEN 42 promises and `` compromised '' -LRB- code for broken -RRB- 41 others . 
And 42 with or without the 41 added ` compromises ' is just a bit more than NONE !! 
CURRENTPOSTID 2618
President Obama has , in large part , based OBAMA administration policy on George W Bush . 
To think OBAMA campaigned against OBAMA makes that all the harder to swallow . 
The President had opportunities to change course , but squandered POLICY . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2621
WOW , , , , , look at the chart below , and then look at the results of the poll above ... When YOU look at the conservative and moderate number NUMBER pretty much tells you what the independents will do ... and Liberals , , , , , the same old mistake ... LOL 
CURRENTPOSTID 2622
this looks like a republican view in disguisePresident Obama must be re-elected because OBAMA is the opposite of Bush and wants to redistribute wealth from the rich corrupt free market place into the hands of the middle class citizens . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2623
And that 's exactly why THAT wont be elected again ... THAT is Un-American ! 
THAT will not only Lose , but there will be a landslide against this man and MAN ideas . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2624
not all libs are commies but all commies are libberal 
CURRENTPOSTID 2625
You first . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2626
Say what ? 
Do you understand the difference between the middle class and the working class ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2627
How the hell is a fact biased ... are they making up `` facts '' ? 
. 
. 
. would be nice for you to show where politifact shows bias . 
. 
the only way they could do that is to outright lie right ? 
From what I have seen THEY accept fact checking requests about any politician and rate WAY for truth . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2628
GOP 'm not a GOP or DNC . 
President Obama has expanded and extended Bush era policies . 
Period . 
GOP hate to break PERIOD to you , but as bad of a President as Obama is , PRESIDENT is n't a socialist . 
President Obama is a Corporatist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2629
some corporations need to be rewarded because CORPORATIONS are good and behind our plan like GM , the bad corporations however are the ones that need to pay more in taxes because CORPORATIONS are operating immorally and against the interests of the middle class like the oil companies . 
President Obama should be re-elected because OBAMA is the opposite of Bush and backs the good corporations unlike Bush who backed the oil companies which led to wars for oil and a recession . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2632
Spoken like a true liberal drone . 
Obama has no problem taking campaign money from these corporations , millionaires and billionaires that OBAMA rewards . 
Hopefully , if enough Americans wake up from CORPORATIONS Obama zombie slumber , Obama will be but a distant memory in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2633
Troops out of Afghanistan immediately ? 
Did n't happenClosing of Gitmo ? 
Did n't happenRepeal of Patriot Act ? 
Did n't happenGov ' t tranparency ? 
Yeah right . 
Bi partisanship ? 
Not in the least . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2636
LOL , no he does n't . 
Obama is a right-wing neoliberal . 
OBAMA was installed into power to serve Wall Street and corporate interests , and OBAMA has not let them down . 
The middle class has no future in the neoliberal worldview of Barack Obama . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2638
odrama decides to golf , play basketball , or go on another vacation . 
Everything else he avoids deciding anything . 
HE gives that to Reid , Pelosi , Geithner , or Bernake to decide whatever they want . 
And of course , HE does decide to blame everyone else but HE . 
And you 're right HE does hate the Constitution and HE is firmly against FREEDOM in any form . 
And HE is also firmly against `` merit . '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2639
That reasoning does n't hold water . 
The President 's primary job is to uphold and defend the US Constitution . 
Listen to the oath of office sometime , look OATH up , do a little research before you post comments on the internet . 
President Obama is as bad a President as G W Bush . 
Both parties hated PRESIDENT also , PRESIDENT was n't a Constitutionalist , PRESIDENT was a centralist , PRESIDENT is a neoconservative , like Obama . 
You really need to open your eyes . 
The politicians have you fooled . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2641
would have to disagree , no political candidate can be against the interests of all corporations because that is where the money is ... also populist is subjective since the US has a big conservative christian base who finds homosexual rights , stem cell research , abortions , etc. . 
. 
all to be immoral . 
americans should vote for President Obama because OBAMA picks the good corporations as winners and makes the bad corporations into losers by paying more taxes for socialist initiatives , this is seen in the domestic drilling ban for the bad oil corporations and the tax breaks for the good corporations like GE for investing in clean energy ... a republican candidate would allow the oil companies to drill for oil causing wars and pollution and not redistribute wealth from the rich and bad corporations to the middle class , President Obama is a hybrid of socialist and corporatist and that is better than a republican who is a capitalist and corporatist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2642
Uh , right , more like the fact that Jeffrey Immelt , CEO of GE , is one of Obama 's top campaign contributors . 
The man whom Obama appointed to the President 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board , and to serve as chairman of the Council on Jobs and Competitiveness , while GE pays no taxes on GE massive profits . 
Obama is doing everything you say `` a republican candidate '' would do . 
It is Obama who has been pushing for more drilling in Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico . 
It is Obama who has launched illegal wars in Libya , Yemen , and Pakistan , while escalating Afghanistan and lying about ever withdrawing from Iraq . 
It is Obama who has pushed hard to protect tax breaks for the rich , and has been obsessed since the day RICH got into office with cutting Social Security and Medicare . 
Obama has not a single socialist impulse . 
OBAMA is a hardcore right-wing neoliberal capitalist whose idol is Ronald Reagan . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2643
You make a good point in highlighting that populism can be subjective ... however , I think you know what I really meant by the use of the term : I was referring to one being a standard leftist populist , not a rightist populist -LRB- like the Tea Party movement -RRB- . 
You are also correct to point out that not all commercial interests are equally hostile to the broader public interest . 
But still , I was going beyond that . 
I was saying that POPULIST is not only supported by liberal capitalists , but also has genuine loyalties to the ordinary population . 
-LRB- i.e. . 
That POPULIST is at least a part-time populist . -RRB- 
POPULIST is n't a slam dunk on either side of that equation . 
POPULIST can be pressured into leaning toward either side . 
POPULIST of course was n't trying to say that Obama is `` against the interests of all corporations '' . 
Frankly , I have no idea how you got that that interpretation of I post . 
I just meant that POPULIST is not strictly , or even necessarily principally , beholden to commercial interests of any sort . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2644
Me too , unless Ron Paul gets the GOP nom . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2645
anybody who votes for any other candidate other than ron paul is a fool especially the 192 people that have said they will vote for obama again . 
guess PEOPLE must all be black people . 
Many blacks dont sem to care that PAUL has continued everything Bush got started and lied about everything BUSH said BUSH was going to do and has expanded and accelerated the recession . 
Guess all those 192 Obama lovers love GUESS that OBAMA is taking us down towards nazi germany same as Bush , Clinton , congress and all those other candidates that do not believe in the constitution . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2646
That 's the question that popped into my head vis - - vis you when MY read that bizarre claim that Wall Street 's man Obama is some kind of `` populist '' . 
Obama 's economic policies are the same as Bush 's . 
`` Stimulus packages '' which are smoke and mirrors , consisting largely of kickbacks and `` tax cuts '' which do n't produce a single job . 
Obama has done nothing to address any fundamental problems with the U.S. economy . 
OBAMA did not re-instate any serious financial regulation , like the Glass-Steagall Act , which was repealed under the last right-wing Democratic president . 
OBAMA has done nothing to address any of the flawed `` free trade '' agreements which have driven out jobs and lowered standards ... also signed by Clinton . 
Rather OBAMA is instead pushing for new ones like KORUS , so American jobs can now be sent to North Korea too . 
OBAMA has done nothing to address the soaring costs of healthcare weighing on America 's economy , taking single-payer off the table before the whole fake `` debate '' over OBAMA DoleRomneyCare bill even began . 
Obama has accepted the Tea Party consensus that there is a `` debt crisis '' going on , and that programs like Medicare and Social Security are to blame for SECURITY . 
OBAMA has accepted the idea that we need massive spending cuts even though WE are in the middle of a depression and unemployment is already soaring . 
Meanwhile OBAMA has repeatedly made `` deals '' violating OBAMA own promise to even let the Bush tax cuts expire , never mind the idea of actually making serious reforms to the tax code so the rich might pay their fair share . 
On the whole , Obama does n't really represent any major shifts from the neoliberal economic policies that have characterized the past 30 years . 
If anything , OBAMA is more effective than Reagan and Bush at actually getting once-sacrosanct Democratic programs like Social Security onto the chopping block . 
Obama is black . 
Neither occupation will be ending , Polly . 
Obama has doubled the number of troops in Afghanistan . 
We do n't even know how many thousands of private contractors are on the ground in Iraq . 
Never mind a pacifist , MY do n't see how anyone with a moral compass could possibly find anything to be happy about with the current warmonger-in-chief 's policies . 
Obama has doubled down on Bush 's radical neocon `` war on terror '' policies , both foreign and domestic . 
Well , MY was n't getting into the specifics of Obama 's illegal war on Libya . 
MY was simply making reference to Obama 's overall continuation of neoconservative foreign policy , just as OBAMA has continued neoliberal economic policy . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2648
yeah the 192 fools that said they would vote for him again need to look at this video . 
FOOLS wont of course since FOOLS are so much in denial . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2649
I would vote for Ron Paul . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2652
Maybe they 'll nominate the Wicked Witch of the West Pelosi !! 
Actually for all WITCH dumpiness , Hillary with Bill in WITCH corner would be the best Democrat candidate . 
b.o. is starting to smell bad to the DnC , Sorry , DNC . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2655
Bush is already out of office . 
Can BUSH be impeached after BUSH 's already left office ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2656
Half of these are just flat out lies ... At least he does n't say giving Snooki and Charlie Sheen tax cuts will create jobs ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2658
HE has not kept most of HE campaign promises . 
HE has not been transparent . 
HE has\/will raise taxes on everyone -LRB- no tax cut for 95 % of Americans -RRB- . 
HE has increased spending\/size of government to record levels . 
He has \/ will increase our deficit to record levels . 
HE ignores The People and pushes through legislation any way HE can . 
HE has weakened national security\/border security . 
HE has several proposed policies that will hurt Americans and OUR economy . 
HE is shunning OUR allies and kissing the asses of OUR enemies . 
HE continues to spew lies and BS to the American people . 
Every one of the above is trueHe has kept less than 200 of over 500 promises . 
That is not saying HE has broken the rest , just has not kept PEOPLE . 
Even liberals could not possibly claim there has been ANYTHING transparent about odrama 's back room deals . 
ODRAMA has VOWED that the tax cuts will expire in Dec 2012 . 
That will increase the taxes on the rich by $ 70 billion and increase the taxes on everyone else by $ 300 billion per year . 
ODRAMA already has increased spending and government size and deficits to record levels . 
ODRAMA has never had a deficit below $ 1,293.5 TRILLION . 
No other president EVER had a deficit as high as $ 500 billion . 
EVER pushed obamacare through with threats and bribes to EVER own party and when passed and still today , the majority of the American People are against obamacare . 
Selling automatic weapons to criminals across our border is NOT the way to increase border security . 
EVER Stimulus bill cost the nation a TRILLION dollars OUR do n't have . 
And today OUR unemployment rate is higher than when the bill was passed which means by simple arithmetic , that there are fewer jobs now than when the bill was passed . 
Regardless of EVER lying claims . 
And the last two are obvious to anyone alive . 
And resisting tax increases that would not solve any problem -LRB- raising a mere $ 70 billion per year , MAYBE -RRB- and might cause more problems , is NOT asking for tax cuts for Snooki and Charlie Sheen . 
One other point about tax breaks . 
odrama is currently harping about special tax breaks for `` corporate jets . '' 
Do you know where those special tax breaks came from ??? 
odrama 's Stimulus bill , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , Did you know that the debt commission that odrama formed , that ODRAMA hand-picked , to study ways to reduce our deficits and debt , RECOMMENDED that tax rates be LOWERED ? 
Think that might be why odrama IGNORED their report after THEIR gave REPORT to ODRAMA last Dec. ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2659
I will have to vote for Obama , anyone that ALL the parties are mad at , must be doing something right . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2663
Better to chance an absolute unknown than allow odrama the destroyer of the American Dream any more time to wreak his havoc . 
Palin 's a complete ass and she 'd be leagues better than odrama . 
Pawlenty would be better , Paul would be better , Cain would be better , The squirrel chattering in my back yard would be better . 
Hillary would be better . 
Gulp , Kerry would be better . 
Gore might not be any worse . 
Pelosi and Reid would be as bad or worse . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2666
-LRB- quote -RRB- No two ways about TWO the guy is out . 
QUOTE 's really amazing this guy was pegged quickly as weak , indecissive , too Liberal , a spender , Liar , and a tremendous bag of wind . 
So much so GUY own party is turning on GUY , even GUY famous speech 's have lost their zip and MUCH shows . 
GUY seems to be just going through the motions , GUY knows MUCH 's over . 
Just the idea this guy will be walking around as a ex President sickens me , GUY is even losing the young vote , , , Man you got to go some to lose EX ... hahahahah . 
GUY actually took the hole we were in and dug WE much deeper , and divided people worse than ever . 
Bet you anything PEOPLE will be kind to GUY after though , the old PC will kick in and GUY will wind up tenth or something in a list od Presidents . 
Just think , , PEOPLE gave this idiot the Nobel Peace prize ... LOL , , what an absolute Joke . 
Looks good dont PRIZE ... '' Nobel Peace Prize President loses in landslide , , one term President '' LOL , , Labled worse ever , , tagged ... '' The DOWN GRADE President '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2668
we are in agreement President Obama is not exclusive to corporate interests , OBAMA takes care of the middle class as well . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2669
What unknown ? 
We all know the candidates and the even more appaling solution CANDIDATES have for the problems . 
That is the problem CANDIDATES want to tackle , something like the debt limit wasnt even important enough for CANDIDATES shows CANDIDATES are completly incompetent for anything beyond macdonalds . 
BS WASNT idea would have driven USA of a cliff . 
WASNT thinks a default `` isnt a big deal '' Pawlenty cant even take a stand a year and a half before the elections , ron pauls idea are very extreme and unworkable cain talks about not wanting any muslims on PAWLENTY staff and even tough PAWLENTY was a ceo seems to have even less economy knowledge then palin . 
Hilary was my choice last time so yes HILARY was proably better , kerry doubt CHOICE . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2670
Hi Rev. ... I was having computer problems , all better now though . 
I missed a lot of messages along the way ... 
CURRENTPOSTID 2671
And the rest are twisted nonsense . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2672
Please , explain to me a few things \* Obama \* has done to help out the middle class ... and no , raising the unemployment rate does n't count ... and no extending unemployment compensation does not work either . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2673
If you are one of the 10 million unemployed by the great recession , you are getting some help with unemployment because of Obama . 
If ONE were up to our Republican friends , there asses would be in the streets . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2674
No , Obama cares exclusively about corporate interests . 
The middle class is being wiped out under Obama 's watch . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2675
Do none of the whining liberals NOT KNOW that the former employers are SUPPLIERS major suppliers of unemployment benefits ? 
Not the clown fool idiot odrama ? 
Employers MUST pay premiums for State unemployment insurance and Federal unemployment insurance . 
The employers build up a bank of unemployment funds . 
When SUPPLIERS lay some one off that fund is where the State gets the money for the unemployment check the person receives . 
And as an employers fund is drawn down , PERSON payments to replenish PERSON ` bank ' go UP . 
And those premiums go up permanently . 
Same is true of `` WORKMAN 'S COMPENSATION , '' benefits . 
The employer MUST pay into WC insurance . 
And the greater the risk for the industry , the higher the insurance costs are . 
Roofing companies for instance pay very high premiums per worker . 
So it is the employer , that is constantly threatened with higher taxes by liberals , that supplies the bulk of the money that politicians take credit for . 
And that money is not counted as a `` TAX ! '' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2676
odrama 's ` solution ' was a larger debt with nothing to show for SOLUTION . 
ODRAMA failed solution has had 2.5 years to show results . 
SOLUTION failed . 
you may not like other candidates solutions , but trying something new is much better than to keep doing was has failed . 
That is simply insanity . 
And no one has proposed any solution that YOU could claim is worse than total and utter failure . 
And that IS what the clown fool idiot 's policies have been , failure . 
I 'd prefer to be wrong , but you 're the one that IS wrong but you just demagogue out of blind ideology . 
That is a big a danger to this nation as any outside source . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2677
Well actually they would be at least looking for a job , many of THEY would have to take a slightly lower paying job . 
JOB 's amazing how quickly these people can find a job once PEOPLE unemployment benefits run out . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2679
Halted the worst recession in a century , brought down unemployment and is cleaning up the mess left og years of republican president . 
And what `` new '' will they try ? 
None of THEY has any credible idee how to solve the problems . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2680
unless someone new is born into the Republican party , they do not have a chance of wining the presidential election in 2012 . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2681
Obama may not get many votes , but the ` Publican candidate will get even less . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2682
Do n't be absurd , CHA , he is just right of you . 
There are few true Libertarians in America , and even fewer true Socialists . 
The Fascists have won the day . 
SOCIALISTS are so commonplace SOCIALISTS call SOCIALISTS moderates ; SOCIALISTS are the bulk of the Democratic and Republican parties . 
Obama is a Fascist , exactly as was Bush . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2684
Whoever wins the hot dog eating contest : 
CURRENTPOSTID 2686
I 'm glad AMERICAN 're not an American either . 
One less Obama vote . 
`` TEA Baggers and in OBAMA humble opinion BAGGERS are nothing but racist , anti-Muslim , screwballs `` There is no evidence . 
Your opinion is unfounded . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2688
Say what ? 
No evidence ? 
Where the h \*\*\* have you been living ? 
Get your head out of your rectum . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2689
Well , where is the racist evidence of the Tea Party ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2690
Check out pictures\/videos of TEA Bagger rallies . 
How many negros do you see , how many chinamen , pakistanis , etc etc ? 
Just beacuse NEGROS dont lynch the odd Negro doesnt mean NEGROS arent racists . 
You dont need to see black guys hanging from trees to think theTEA Baggers are racist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2691
Most of the stupid pictures are people who were planted for news stories ... the left has already been caught doing that numerous times . 
How many blacks vote republican anyways ? 
Did n't 95 % of blacks vote for Obama ? 
PEOPLE are pretty much a block vote . 
But , please show us some evidence . 
Explain to US how wanting liberty , low taxes , and small government equates to being racist . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2692
Gallup poll :08 \/ 17\/2011 , BHO approval rating on issues,Best,TERRORISMREPUBLICANS-36 % , INDEPENDENTS-48 % , DEMOCRATS-81 % Worst , CREATING JOBSREPUBLICANS-10 % , INDEPENDENTS-24 % , DEMOCRATS-60 % THE ECONOMY R -- 5 % I -- 23 % , D-53 % BUDGET DEFICIT R -- 5 % , I -- 19 % , D -- 52 % 
CURRENTPOSTID 2694
it doesnt . 
. 
but I dont want a bunch of social conservative radicals that want to tell I who i can marry . 
. 
what drugs i can consume . 
. 
who i can sleep with . 
. 
what religion is acceptable . 
. 
in power either . 
Leave personal issues to the individual . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2695
What lesson have you learned from voting the party line grashoppa ? 
not a thing from your posts 
CURRENTPOSTID 2696
Or scratch the surface and find the truth : Black TEA Party challenges NCAAP NCAAP Attacks TEA PartyThe Black SphereSchuster vs Black TEA partier , video includedThey Who Live by the Race Card Die by the Race CardA group of black entrepreneurs , elected officials and constituents has launched SURFACE own Tea Party in Houston , convening Tuesday for the Black Tea Party 's inaugural meeting while noting anyone is welcome to the group 's events . 
The event also attracted members of both national political parties . 
Marie Johnson , a black woman and longtime Democrat , said WOMAN attended because WOMAN is fed up with the direction of the countryRace `` did n't make any difference to JOHNSON as long as JOHNSON had a tea party and MEMBERS get together , '' Johnson told MyFoxHouston . 
Read more : Houston Group Hosts First Black Tea Party But Gets Potpourri Of Participants | FoxNews.com 
CURRENTPOSTID 2697
I 'm extremely conservative . 
You are welcome to marry whomever you wish . 
You can consume any drugs you wish , just do n't ask I to pay for your rehabS . 
You can sleep with whomever you wish , except I pets . 
YOU may practice any religion that makes you happy . 
But what you MAY NOT do is make your personal business , MY BUSINESS . 
Do whatever you want . 
But keep NOT private and out of I life . 
You have NO RIGHTS in I life . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2701
Is this a response to me ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2703
There are plenty of Blacks that align themselves with the Tea Party . 
Nobody is kept out of the Tea Party movement . 
One has to choose not to be part of ONE . 
Luckily , there are plenty . 
Quit playing the race card . 
CARD is so typical of you liberals who have nothing else of substance . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2705
Yeah you want to gamble with a couple of hundred million citizens . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2706
Any candidate with common sense would do ... I wont be voting for President Obama ... Joelle 
CURRENTPOSTID 2707
The president is actually a referee for the Congress ... ... The existing problem is that neither Democrats or Republicans know how to FIX our current situation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2708
You 'd better get REFEREE a striped shirt and a bigger whistle because REFEREE 's a miserable referee . 
And you may find this SHOCKING , but REFEREE 's supposed to be a leader . 
Why do n't some of SOME liberals tell REFEREE that ? 
The rest of the nation has been screaming that at REFEREE but REFEREE is tone deaf to all but far left liberalism . 
And while you 're telling LEADER to be a leader , how about telling LEADER that 3 years of rerunning the same speech is enough . 
I could give LEADER speech I 've heard SPEECH so many times . 
But since I have INTEGRITY , I wo n't give LEADER repetitious speech . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2710
This is just an observation , but , if there are lots of blacks , Hispanics and members of non-white groups , in the tea party , HISPANICS seem to be hiding well . 
Oh , when you hear about racial members of the tea party , HISPANICS are always forming MEMBERS own separate party -- is that because MEMBERS are frightened to go to the `` all white '' meetings ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2711
Kindly post the long list of tea party events you have attended yourself . 
US 've gone and US 'm a fish belly white Irishman so US can easily spot a person of color . 
And US have spotted , stood beside , and talked to people of color at every tea party event US 've been to . 
Are Blacks and Hispanics predominate at tea party rallies ? 
No BLACKS are not but neither are NEITHER predominate in US society . 
But Asians show up far out of proportion to society . 
And Asians tend to be good money managers , which would explain why MANAGERS are also unhappy with Washington . 
There can not be any justification for running up a deficit far exceeding a TRILLION dollars EVERY year when , 1 . 
revenue is down only $ 394.5 billion , or less than a third of the deficits being insanely posted . 
And 2 . 
No one ever had to have a deficit of even $ 500 billion before Democrats took over . 
$ 412 billion was the nations highest deficit prior to the Democrats taking control of Congress . 
Now AND routinely have deficits more than a TRILLION above the previous record by Republicans . 
And the Republicans are terrible money managers too . 
NOW is ONLY in comparison to the ultra insane spending Democrats that the Republicans look ` reasonable . ' 
CURRENTPOSTID 2712
Again : white 79.96 % , black 12.85 % , Asian 4.43 % , Amerindian and Alaska native 0.97 % , native Hawaiian and other Pacific islander 0.18 % , two or more races 1.61 % -LRB- July 2007 estimate -RRB- note : a separate listing for Hispanic is not included because the US Census Bureau considers Hispanic to mean persons of Spanish\/Hispanic\/Latino origin including those of Mexican , Cuban , Puerto Rican , Dominican Republic , Spanish , and Central or South American origin living in the US who may be of any race or ethnic group -LRB- white , black , Asian , etc. -RRB- ; about 15.1 % of the total US population is HispanicYou are clinging to anecdotal `` AMERINDIAN 'll believe ALASKA when AMERINDIAN see ALASKA with AMERINDIAN own eyes '' proof . 
If there were 100 TEA partiers in front of you and 80 were white\/Hispanic , 13 were black , 5 were Asian , 1 Native , 1 Native PI and 2 mixed race ... you would be looking at a TEA party that looks exactly like America ... not racism . 
If you are expecting the TEA party to look differently than that , that 's your problem but is proof of nothing . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2713
Here are some influential non tea party people who are of black heritage ... http:\/\/www.thegrio.com\/black...\/slid...nfluential-bla ... And here are others elected as conservatives to congress ... en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Black_conservatism_in_the_United_States Here is a report from my area ... atlantapost.com\/...\/black-tea-party-grandstanding-vs-naacp-showboa ... `` Black American Tea Party loyalists held LOYALISTS first rally outside the 102nd NAACP National Convention in Downtown Los Angeles to challenge the racism allegations against the so-called Tea Party movement . 
The Black Tea Party members denounced the NAACP as morally bankrupt . 
Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson , organizer of the South Central L.A. Tea Party , and no stranger to name calling had some choice words for the NAACP : `` Joelle 
CURRENTPOSTID 2714
IKIR backfire YOU do not get to define the terms of a conversation , a debate , or a thread on a political board . 
Do you have anything beyond your own opinion\/prejudice to offer ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2715
Actually the president can not even enter congress without an invitation . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2717
One , -- I do not have to go to events , I can see them on FOX and others . 
And , since 30 percent of Americans are either of Black or Hispanic descent , hmmm . 
TWO - Although YOU may not see any reason for any deficit , that does NOT mean one does not exist . 
And never forget that this current deficit has been on a steady rise - with every president -LRB- except Clinton -RRB- since the great and wonderful Reagan Lowered the taxes to a foolish low level , and since then THEN have even dropped more and more . 
If the taxes were half what THEN were during the time of Reagan there would be no deficit . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2718
Please find me any tea party meeting in which twelve out of one hundred were black -- PLEASE ???? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2719
This is an OPINION forum , that is what I bring to the table . 
Oh , and YES , I do define the terms of any conversation I enter into . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2720
FY 2007 the deficit was $ 161 billion . 
FY 2006 the deficit was higher than FY 2007 , FY 2005 the deficit was higher than FY 2006 , In others words the deficit was diminishing for 3 years in a row . 
NOT increasingNow FY 2007 the FEDERAL revenue was $ 2,568 trillion and we spent $ 161 billion more than that or $ 2,729 TRILLION . 
That can in no way be interpreted as GOOD . 
However AS OF YESTERDAY , with 41 days left in FY 2011 , WE Federal income projects to be $ 2,483 TRILLION . 
Or $ 85 billion less than AS was in FY2007 . 
But WE deficit projects to be $ 1,600 TRILLION . 
So WE 're short $ 85 billion in income and WE 've increased the deficit by a factor of 10 . 
WE had the same 2 wars going on and WE had the tax cuts in FY 2007 . 
How do you justify a deficit increasing TENFOLD on nearly the same income ? 
CURRENTPOSTID 2721
Risk-reward relationship . 
If we elect Ron Paul and PAUL policies somehow get enacted -LRB- or some of SOME -RRB- and SOME work as PAUL claims SOME will , WE 'll know to try and get more like PAUL in office . 
If not , WE know to not elect someone like PAUL again . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2722
You must be joking . 
I already listed plenty of pix , vids , and links regarding this -- all of which you denied your interest . 
If you want more , search I posts , I 've uploaded pix from 2 TEA parties that I attended and I assure the crowd was mixed . 
This is a Political Forum . 
Forum : a public meeting place for open discussion . 
There is no restriction on having more than your own opinion and arsehole . 
Information and facts ARE allowed . 
Since your opinion has little value in lieu of facts -LRB- or even an attempt at sharing info -RRB- , I 'll leave you to define and hold your conversation with yourself . 
CURRENTPOSTID 2724
Why does that matter ? 
Most blacks claim to be democrats . 
There are plenty of blacks in the tea party . 
Using your logic ... blacks are the only race who is n't racist ... so we must look at them to determine if the tea party is racist . 
It 's comical at best . 
